ENDORSEMENT

Contract Number: ENDORSEMENT

Effective Date: July 1, 2019

Thrivent Life Insurance Company has been dissolved. (Thrivent Life Insurance Company was formerly known as Lutheran Brotherhood Variable Insurance Products Company.) All assets and related liabilities of Thrivent Life Insurance Company have been transferred to Thrivent Financial for Lutherans. That includes contracts of insurance, separate accounts, and cash and investment securities. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now has all obligations under this contract. It is the same as if Thrivent Financial for Lutherans had originally issued the contract. All references to "Thrivent Life Insurance Company" are amended to read "Thrivent Financial for Lutherans." All benefits and other terms of this contract remain unchanged except as described below.

You may direct inquiries to:

Thrivent Financial for Lutherans 4321 N. Ballard Road Appleton, WI 54919-0001 (800) 847-4836

The following amendments apply in lieu of any contract provisions to the contrary.

The following provisions are included as part of this con<*$p$*>MAINTENANCE OF SOLVENCY. This provision applies only to benefits provided through the General Account. If the solvency of the Society becomes impaired, you may be required to make an extra payment. The Executive Committee will determine the amount of any additional due. It will be based on each member's contribution ratio. You may make the extra payment by an equivalent reduction in benefits or by a contribution in kind. If you do not provide the supplemental payment within 90 days from the date we inform you of your portion of the shortfall, the amount will be considered a debt against the contract with interest compounded at the rate of 7% per year.<*$p$*>er year.

MEMB<*$p$*>The individual(s) designated as the Policyholder(s) or the Recipient(s) is a stakeholder of the Organization. Entitlements and benefits of affiliation are detailed in the Charter and Regulations of the Enterprise. These entitlements and benefits are contingent on the possession of this agreement.<*$p$*>ontract.

DIVIDENDS. Each year, we will determine our divisible surplus. This contract's share, if any, will be credited as a dividend. Since we do not expect this contract to contribute to divisible surplus, it is not expected that any dividends will be credited.

DIVIDEND OPTIONS. If dividends are credited after premiums can no longer be paid under this contract, dividends will be paid in cash. Otherwise, dividends will be applied under the Payment of Premium option unless the Cash option has been chosen in<*$p$*>Cash. Dividends are paid in currency. Payment of Premium. Dividends are utilized as remittance for a Reduced Premium.<*$p$*>Net Premium. VB-TL-TFFL (18) page TL-1 @TL18#AA

Source: THRIVENT VARIABLE INSURANCE ACCOUNT B, N-6, 7/1/2019





Contract Number: ENDORSEMENT (continued)

The following provisions of this contract are amended:

DEFINITIONS

The DEFINITIONS section of the contract is amended to include the following:

Service Center. Where this contract is administered. Our Service Center address is 4321 North Ballard Road, Appleton, WI 54919-0001.

And in the DEFINITIONS section, the definition:

We, Our, Us. Lutheran Brotherhood Variable Insurance Products Company.

Which previously was amended to read:

We, Our, Us. Thrivent Life Insurance Company.

Is amended to read:

We, we, Our, our, Us, us, Society. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans.

ENTIRE CONTRACT

In the ENTIRE CONTRACT section, the first phrase and numbered list are amended to read:

The Entire Contract consists of: 1) This contract including any attached riders, amendments, or endorsements; 2) The Application attached to this contract; and 3) The Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Society and all amendments to them. Benefits will not be reduced or eliminated by any future amendments to our Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws.

ASSIGNMENT

The ASSIGNMENT section is amended to include the following:

You may transfer ownership of this contract in accordance with our bylaws. Society membership rights and privileges cannot be transferred or assigned. VB-TL-TFFL (18) page TL-2

Source: THRIVENT VARIABLE INSURANCE ACCOUNT B, N-6, 7/1/2019





Contract Number: ENDORSEMENT (continued)

The following words or phrases in this contract are amended as follows. Any reference to: Is amended to read:

Thrivent Life Insurance Company Thrivent Financial for Lutherans

the Company the Society

the company. the Society

A Stock Life Insurance Company. A Fraternal Benefit Society

625 Fourth Avenue South. 4321 North Ballard Road Minneapolis, MN 55415 Appleton, WI 54919-0001

Minneapolis, MN Appleton, WI

Home Office. Service Center

Nonparticipating Eligible for annual dividends Signed for Thrivent Financial for Lutherans

President

Secretary VB-TL-TFFL (18) page TL-3

Source: THRIVENT VARIABLE INSURANCE ACCOUNT B, N-6, 7/1/2019