
 
                      EXHIBIT E: NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
                       BETWEEN PBIS AND SOLOPOINT, INC.
                     AND PACIFIC BELL AND SOLOPOINT, INC.

                                      -1-
<PAGE>
 
                     CONFIDENTIAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT


This agreement is made on August 21, 1996 between SoloPoint, Inc., a California
corporation ("SoloPoint") and Pacific Bell Information Services ("PBIS").

          1.    Purpose.  Company and SoloPoint wish to explore a business 
                -------
possibility under which each party may disclose its Confidential Information to
the other party.

          2.    Definition.  "Confidential Information" means any information,
                ----------                                                    
technical data, or know-how, including, but not limited to that which relates to
research, products, software, services, development, inventions, processes,
designs, drawings, formulas, engineering, marketing, finances, financial models,
and business plans, which Confidential Information is designated in writing to
be confidential or proprietary, or if given orally, is confirmed promptly in
writing as having been disclosed as confidential or proprietary.  Confidential
Information does not include information, technical data, or know-how (i) is in
the possession of the receiving party at the time of disclosures shown by the
receiving party's files and records immediately prior to the time of disclosure;
or (ii) prior to or after the time of disclosure becomes part of the public
knowledge or literature, not as a result of any inaction or action of the
receiving party, or (iii) is required by law to be disclosed by the receiving
party; (iv) is independently developed by the receiving party without
utilization of the Confidential Information.

          3.    Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information.  Each party agrees 
                ------------------------------------------
not to use the Confidential Information disclosed to it by the other party for
its own use or for any purpose except to carry out discussions concerning the
completion of any business relationship between the two. Each party will not
disclose the Confidential Information of the other party to third parties or to
its employees except employees who are required to have the information in order
to carry out the contemplated business. <*$p$*>Each party will encourage employees to whom Confidential Information of the other party is disclosed to consider signing a Non-Disclosure Agreement. The content of such agreements may or may not substantially resemble this agreement, depending on the circumstances.<*$p$*> <*$p$*>Each party will attempt to take steps to protect the confidentiality of the other party's Confidential Information, as circumstances permit.<*$p$*> Each agrees to
immediately notify the other party in writing of any misuse or misappropriation
of such Confidential Information of the other party which may come to its
attention.

          4.    Return of Information.  Upon request of the disclosing party, 
                ---------------------
the receiving party agrees to promptly return all documents furnishes to it by
the disclosing party, together with all copies thereof in its possession.

          5.    Term.  The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years.
                ----                                                      

                                      -1-
<PAGE>
 
          6.    General Provisions.  This Agreement will be governed by the 
                ------------------    
laws of the State of California. This Agreement will be binding upon the
successors of each party, and will be for the benefit of each party, its
successors, and its assigns. <*$p$*>Each party acknowledges that measuring damages resulting from a breach of the other party's obligations may be challenging. The parties agree that monetary damages may be considered an option, but the other party might seek injunctions or other orders to restrain any such breach, with the need to demonstrate actual damage at the court's discretion.<*$p$*>

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of 
the date and year written above.

Company:

Pacific Bell Information Services          SoloPoint, Inc.


By:                                        By:
   ----------------------------------         ----------------------------------

Title:                                     Title:
      -------------------------------            -------------------------------

                                      -2-
