Exhibit 10.2 Accurel Non-compete and NDA
Exhibit
      10.2
NON-COMPETITION
      AND NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
This
      Non-Competition and Nondisclosure Agreement is entered into as of April 30,
      2007 
      (the “
Agreement
      Date
”)
      among 
      Accurel Systems International Corporation, a California corporation (the 
“
Seller
”),
      Implant Sciences Corporation, a Massachusetts corporation (the “
Guarantor
”)
      and 
      Evans Analytical Group LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the 
“
Buyer
”).
WITNESSETH:
WHEREAS,
      the Buyer, Seller and Guarantor have entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement,
      dated as of the Agreement Date, pursuant to which, among other things, the
      Buyer 
      is acquiring substantially all of the assets of Seller (the “
Purchase
      Agreement
”);
WHEREAS,
      in order to protect the value of the business of the Seller being acquired
      by 
      the Buyer pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (the “
Purchased
      Business
”),
      Seller and Guarantor shall not compete with the Buyer and its respective 
      Affiliates (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) in accordance with the terms
      and conditions hereof; and
WHEREAS,
      the agreement of Seller and Guarantor not to compete with the Buyer and its
      Affiliates as provided herein is an integral part of the transactions 
      contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, and without such agreements, Buyer
      would 
      not have entered into the Purchase Agreement.
NOW,
      THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and agreements contained herein,
      the payment of the purchase price under the Purchase Agreement and for other
      good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
      acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree
      as 
      follows:
1.
      Certain Definitions.
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings
      ascribed to them in the Purchase Agreement; provided, however, that the 
      following terms shall have the meanings set forth below irrespective of the
      meanings such terms may have in the Purchase Agreement:
(a)
      "
Confidential
      Information
"
      means 
      all information heretofore developed or used by the Seller or any of its 
      Affiliates relating to the Restricted Business (as defined below) operations,
      employees, customers and clients of the Seller, including, but not limited
      to, 
      customer and client lists, customer or client orders, financial data, pricing
      information and price lists, business plans and market strategies and 
      arrangements, all books, records, manuals, advertising materials, catalogues,
      correspondence, mailing lists, production data, sales materials and records,
      purchasing materials and records, personnel records, quality control records
      and 
      procedures included in or relating to the Restricted Business or any of the
      assets of the Seller, and all trademarks, copyrights and patents and 
      applications therefor, all trade secrets, inventions, processes, procedures,
      research records, market surveys and marketing know-how and other technical
      papers. The term "Confidential Information" also includes any other information
      heretofore or hereafter acquired by the Seller and deemed by it to be 
      confidential.
(b)
      The 
      term "
control
",
      with 
      respect to any person, means the power to direct the management and policies
      of 
      such person, directly or indirectly, by or through stock ownership, agency
      or 
      otherwise, or pursuant to or in connection with an agreement, arrangement or
      understanding (written or oral) with one or more other persons by or through
      stock ownership, agency or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and 
      "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
(c)
      The 
      term "
person
"
      means 
      an individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability 
      company, association, trust, unincorporated organization or other entity, 
      including a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality
      thereof.
(d)
      "
Restricted
      Business
"
      means 
      the Business of the Seller, including all services performed by or on behalf
      of 
      the Seller for its customers.
(e)
      "
Restricted
      Period
"
      means 
      the period commencing on the date of this Agreement and ending on the date
      which 
      is five (5) years from the date hereof.
2.
      Non-competition.
<*$p$*>At all times from and after the date of this Agreement and until the expiration of the Restricted Period, Seller and Guarantor shall endeavor to not: (a) directly or indirectly engage in, be employed by, own, manage, operate, provide financing to, control or participate in the ownership, management or control of, or otherwise have an interest (whether, subject to Section 5, as a stockholder, director, officer, employee, representative, subcontractor, partner, consultant, proprietor, agent or otherwise) in, or cause, authorize, aid or assist any other person to own, manage, operate, provide financing to, control or otherwise have an interest in, any business or any person who is engaged in any business that directly or indirectly competes or intends to compete with the Restricted Business anywhere in the world, unless Seller or Guarantor purchase or own less than five percent (5%) of capital stock in a publicly held company; or (b) directly, indirectly or otherwise by letters, circulars or advertisements, and whether for itself or on behalf of any other person, canvass or solicit or, directly or indirectly, cause or authorize to be solicited, or enter into or effect, or, directly or indirectly, cause or authorize to be entered into or effected, any business or orders for businesses competing with the Restricted Business from any person who (i) at the time of the Agreement or within two years prior to the date of the Agreement, has been, a customer or client, or (ii) is an active prospect to be a customer or client, in each case, of the Seller at the time of the Agreement.<*$p$*>
3.
      Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information.
Seller
      and Guarantor acknowledge that it is the policy of the Buyer to maintain as
      secret and confidential all Confidential Information, and the parties hereto
      recognize that Seller and Guarantor have acquired Confidential Information.
      <*$p$*>Seller and Guarantor recognize that all such Confidential Information is and should remain the sole property of the Buyer, free of any rights of Seller or Guarantor, and acknowledges that the Buyer and its Affiliates may have a vested interest in assuring that all such Confidential Information remains secret and confidential. Therefore, the Seller and Guarantor agree that at all times from after the date hereof, they will try to not, directly or indirectly, without expressed consent of the Buyer, disclose to any person, firm, company or other entity (other than the Buyer or any of its Affiliates) any Confidential Information, except to the extent that (i) any such Confidential Information becomes generally available to the public or trade, other than possibly as a result of a breach by the Seller or Guarantor of this Section 3, or (ii) any such Confidential Information becomes available to the Seller or Guarantor on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Seller, Guarantor, Buyer or any of their Affiliates or advisors; provided, that said source has no known agreement to the Seller or Guarantor to be bound by a confidentiality agreement with, or other obligation of secrecy to, the Seller, Guarantor, Buyer or another party.<*$p$*>
      In addition, it shall not be a breach of the confidentiality obligations hereof
      if the Seller or Guarantor is required by law or legal process to disclose
      any 
      Confidential Information; provided, that in such case, the Seller or Guarantor
      shall (a) give the Buyer prompt notice that such disclosure is or may be 
      required, and (b) cooperate with the Buyer, at the Buyer's expense, in 
      protecting, to the maximum extent legally permitted, the confidential or 
      proprietary nature of the Confidential Information which must be so disclosed.
      The obligations of the Seller and Guarantor under this Section 3 shall survive
      any termination of this Agreement.
4.
      Non-Solicitation.
<*$p$*>At all times from and after the date of this Agreement and until the expiration of the Restricted Period, Seller and Guarantor should aim to not, directly, indirectly or otherwise by letters, circulars or advertisements, and whether for themselves or on behalf of any other person: (a) solicit or, with reasonable effort, directly or indirectly, cause to be solicited for employment, any persons who (i) are, at the time of solicitation of employment, employees of the Seller, Buyer or any of their respective Affiliates, or (ii) are, at the time of solicitation of employment, sales representatives or employees thereof, retained by the Buyer or any of its Affiliates; or (b) employ or, directly or indirectly, cause to possibly be employed, any persons who (i) are, at the time of such action, employees of the Buyer or any of its Affiliates, or (ii) are, at the time of such action, sales representatives or employees thereof, retained by the Buyer or any of its Affiliates; provided, that this Section 4 shall not absolutely prohibit Seller or Guarantor from employing or soliciting the employment any person who (A) is an employee of Seller as of the Agreement Date and (B) is not offered employment by Buyer as of the Agreement Date.<*$p$*>
5.
      Right to Injunctive Relief.
Seller 
      and Guarantor acknowledge that any breach or threatened breach by it of any
      of 
      the covenants or provisions contained herein will result in irreparable and
      continuing harm to the Buyer for which the Buyer would not have adequate remedy
      at law. <*$p$*>Therefore, Seller and Guarantor acknowledge and agree that, in addition to any other remedy which the Buyer may have at law or in equity, the Buyer might be entitled to injunctive relief or other equitable remedies in the event of any possible breach or threatened breach. Seller and Guarantor further acknowledges and agrees that monetary damages could possibly be insufficient to compensate the Buyer in the event of a breach by Seller or Guarantor of any of the covenants or provisions contained herein, and that in the event of a breach thereof, the Buyer may be entitled to specific performance of the obligations hereunder.<*$p$*>
6.
      Enforceability; Severability.
If any 
      provision of this Agreement shall be adjudicated to be invalid or unenforceable,
      then such provision shall be deemed modified, as to duration, territory or
      otherwise, so as to be enforceable as similar as possible to the provision
      at 
      issue, in order to render the remainder of this Agreement valid and enforceable.
      The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall
      not 
      affect the other provisions hereof, and this Agreement shall be construed in
      all 
      respects as if such invalid or unenforceable provision were 
      omitted.
7.
      Successors and Assigns.
This 
      Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of Seller and
      its 
      successors and assigns, and shall be binding and inure to the benefit of the
      Buyer and its successors and assigns.
8.
      Entire Agreement.
This 
      Agreement, together with the Purchase Agreement and the Transaction Documents,
      contains the entire understanding among the parties hereto with respect to
      the 
      subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations and understandings
      among the Buyer and Seller with respect hereto. This Agreement may not be 
      amended or modified except by a written instrument signed by the parties hereto.
9.
      Governing Law; Venue.
(a)
      This 
      Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and governed in all respects
      by, the internal laws of the State of Massachusetts, without giving effect
      to 
      principles of conflicts of laws.
(b)
      Unless otherwise explicitly provided in this Agreement, any Proceeding relating
      to this Agreement or the enforcement of any provision of this Agreement may
      be 
      brought or otherwise commenced in any state or federal court located in the
      County of Middlesex, Massachusetts. Each of Seller, Guarantor and 
      Buyer:
(i)
      expressly and irrevocably consents and submits to the jurisdiction of each
      state 
      and federal court located in the County of Middlesex, Massachusetts and each
      appellate court located in the State of Massachusetts, in connection with any
      such Proceeding;
(ii)
      agrees that each state and federal court located in the County of Santa Clara,
      California or Massachusetts shall be deemed to be a convenient 
      forum;
(iii)
      agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense or otherwise, in any such
      Proceeding commenced in any state or federal court located in the County of
      Santa Clara, California or Massachusetts any claim that such Party is not 
      subject personally to the jurisdiction of such court, that such Proceeding
      has 
      been brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of such Proceeding is
      improper or that this Agreement or the subject matter of this Agreement may
      not 
      be enforced in or by such court; and
(iv)
      agrees that service in any action may be made by giving notice in accordance
      with Section 10.
10.
      Notices.
Any 
      notice or other communication required or permitted to be delivered to any
      party 
      shall be in writing and shall be deemed properly delivered, given and received
      when delivered, by hand, by registered mail, by courier or express delivery
      service, by facsimile, or by e-mail to the address or facsimile number set
      forth 
      beneath the name of such party below, or to such other address or facsimile
      number as such party shall have specified in a written notice given to the
      other 
      parties:
if
      to the 
      Seller or the Guarantor:
Implant Sciences Corporation
107
      Audubon Road, #5
Wakefield,
      MA 01880-1246
Attention:
Facsimile:
      (781) 246-3561
Email:
@implantsciences.com
with
      a 
      copy to:
Ellenoff
      Grossman & Schole LLP
370
      Lexington Avenue
New
      York, 
      NY 10017-6503
Attention:
      Barry I. Grossman
Facsimile: (212) 370-7889
Email:
bigrossman@egsllp.com
if
      to the 
      Buyer:
E
vans
      Analytical Group 
      LLC
810
      Kifer 
      Road
Sunnyvale,
      CA 94086
Attention:
      Thomas B. Pfeil
Facsimile:
      (408) 530-3899
E-mail:
tpfeil@eaglabs.com
11.
      Headings.
The 
      headings of sections and subsections of this Agreement are for convenience
      of 
      reference only and are not to be considered in construing this Agreement.
12.
      Execution in Counterparts.
This 
      Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall
      be 
      deemed to be an original, but all of which, when taken together, shall 
      constitute one and the same instrument.
IN
      WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Non-Competition and 
      Nondisclosure Agreement to be executed as of the day and year first above 
      written.
ACCUREL
                SYSTEMS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION
By:
Name:
Title:
EVANS
                ANALYTICAL GROUP LLC
By:
Name:
Title:
IMPLANT
                SCIENCES CORPORATION
By:
Name:
Title: