stilffnw13d120112am2ex3.htm - Generated by SEC Publisher for SEC Filing
Exhibit 3
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
THIS NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT (this
"Agreement"), dated this 11th day of January, 2012, is by and among
First Financial Northwest, Inc. (the "Company"), Stilwell Associates,
L.P., Stilwell Partners, L.P., Stilwell Value Partners II, L.P., Stilwell Value
Partners VI, L.P., Stilwell Value Partners VII, L.P., Stilwell Value LLC,
Stilwell Associates Insurance Fund of The S.A.L.I.  Multi-Series Fund L.P.,
Stilwell Advisers LLC, and Joseph Stilwell, an individual, and their employees
and representatives (collectively, the "Stilwell Group") and Spencer
L. Schneider, a director nominee of the Stilwell Group ("Schneider").
WHEREAS, the Company has agreed to place Schneider on its
board of directors;
WHEREAS, the Company, the Stilwell Group and Schneider
have agreed that it is in their mutual interests to enter into this Agreement
as hereinafter described.
NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the
parties hereto mutually agree as follows:
1.         In connection with Schneider serving on the
Company's board, Schneider and other Company employees, directors, and agents
may divulge nonpublic information concerning the Company and its subsidiaries
to the Stilwell Group and such information may be shared among the Stilwell
Group's employees and agents who have a need to know such information.  <*$p$*>The Stilwell Group agrees to endeavor to maintain nonpublic information concerning the Company and its subsidiaries in confidence.<*$p$*>  The Stilwell Group
expressly acknowledges that federal and state securities laws may prohibit a
person from purchasing or selling securities of a company, or from
communicating such information to any other person under circumstances in which
it is reasonably foreseeable that such other person is likely to purchase or
sell such securities, while the first-mentioned person is in possession of
material nonpublic information about such company.  <*$p$*>The Stilwell Group agrees to consider the Company's insider trading and disclosure policies, as in effect from time to time, to the same extent as if it were a director of the Company.<*$p$*>  To the extent the nonpublic information concerning the Company and
its subsidiaries received by the Stilwell Group is material, this Agreement is
intended to satisfy the confidentiality agreement exclusion of Regulation FD of
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") set forth in
Section 243.100(b)(2)(ii) of Regulation FD.
2.         <*$p$*>Each of the Stilwell Group and Schneider believes that this Agreement has been duly and validly authorized (in the case of the entity members of the Stilwell Group), executed and delivered by them, and is likely a valid and binding agreement enforceable against them.<*$p$*>
3.         Schneider hereby further represents and warrants
to the Company that: (a) he satisfies all of the qualifications to be a
director of the Company as set forth in Article III, Section 4 of the Company's
bylaws and any additional applicable qualifications under the laws of the State
of Washington or under the regulations of any bank regulatory authority, and
that he is not in any way precluded from serving as a director by order or
other action of any court,
-1-
regulatory or other
governmental authority; and (b) no event has occurred with respect to Schneider
that would require disclosure in a document filed by the Company with the SEC
pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, under Item 401(f) of SEC Regulation S-K.
4.         The Stilwell Group acknowledges that with
regard to its obligations to maintain the confidentiality of nonpublic
information of the Company and its subsidiaries, monetary damages may not be a
sufficient remedy for any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement and
that, in addition to all other remedies, <*$p$*>The Company might consider seeking specific performance and possibly injunctive or other equitable relief as a remedy for such breach, and the requirement for the Company to post any bond will be at the court's discretion.<*$p$*>
5.         This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between the parties hereto pertaining to the subject matter hereof and
supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings,
negotiations and discussions of the parties in connection therewith not
referred to herein.
6.         This Agreement shall be governed by, and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington, without
regard to choice of law principles that may otherwise compel the application of
the laws of any other jurisdiction. Each of the parties hereby irrevocably
consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in the State of Washington to resolve any dispute arising from this Agreement
and waives any defense of inconvenient or improper forum.
7.         The terms and provisions of this agreement
shall be deemed severable, and in the event any term or provision hereof or
portion thereof is deemed or held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such
provision shall be conformed to prevailing law rather than voided, if possible,
in order to achieve the intent of the parties, and, in any event, the remaining
terms and provisions of this agreement shall nevertheless continue and be
deemed to be in full force and effect and binding upon the parties.
8.         All representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements made herein shall survive the execution and delivery of this
Agreement.
9.         This Agreement may not be modified, amended,
altered or supplemented except upon the execution and delivery of a written
agreement executed by all of the parties hereto.
10.       This Agreement may be executed in counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute
one and the same agreement.
-2-
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement
has been duly executed and delivered by duly authorized officers of the
undersigned as of the day and year first above written.
THE STILWELL GROUP
FIRST
  FINANCIAL NORTHWEST, INC.
By:
/s/ Joseph
  Stilwell
By:
/s/
Victor Karpiak
Joseph
  Stilwell
Victor Karpiak, Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer
SPENCER L.
  SCHNEIDER
/s/
Spencer L. Schneider
Spencer L. Schneider
-3-