EX-99.D.6
Exhibit 
(d)(6)
NON- DISCLOSURE & CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT
This Non-Disclosure & Confidentiality Agreement
(hereinafter this “Agreement”) is made and
entered into as of the 28th day of November, 2006 (hereinafter “Effective Date”), by and
between Shire Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation having a principal place of business at
725 Chesterbrook Boulevard, Wayne, PA 19087 (“SHIRE”), L.E.K. Consulting LLC, 28 State Street,
16
th
Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02109 (“L.E.K.”), and New River Pharmaceuticals Inc.,
a Virginia corporation with offices located at The Governor Tyler, 1881 Grove Avenue, Radford,
Virginia 24141 (“NEW RIVER”) (each individually hereinafter referred to as a “Party” and
collectively referred to as “Parties”).
Recitals
Whereas
the Parties intend to engage in discussions and evaluations concerning one or more
potential arrangements by which SHIRE and NEW RIVER may enter into a business relationship or may
enter into one or more business transactions related to “Project Night” (hereinafter collectively
referred to as the “Business Purpose”);
Whereas
SHIRE has engaged L.E.K. to assist SHIRE in its discussions and evaluations in
connection with the Business Purpose;
Whereas
the Parties recognize that in the course of their discussions to further the
Business Purpose, it may become necessary for either NEW RIVER or SHIRE or both Parties to disclose
Confidential Information (as defined below) to a Receiving Party, whether orally, in writing,
graphically, electronically or by visual inspection of the premises of the Disclosing Party, and
Whereas
the Parties intend that any Confidential Information disclosed by either NEW RIVER
or SHIRE shall be used by any other Party only to further the Business Purpose and that any
Confidential Information disclosed shall be protected from further disclosure to unauthorized
parties by the terms of this Agreement.
Now, Therefore
, in consideration of the discussions and the sharing of information between
the Parties, and the premises, conditions, covenants and warranties herein contained, the Parties
agree as follows:
1.
Definitions
. For purposes of this Agreement, the terms below shall have the
following meanings:
(a) “Confidential Information” shall mean commercial, corporate, scientific, regulatory
and technical information, including, without limitation, data, materials, documents,
agreements, lists, financial information, investments, information concerning current or
proposed products, technologies, applications,
service or methods of operation and/or business plans, customers, suppliers, and any copies
or versions of the information disclosed, relating to NEW
CONFIDENTIAL
RIVER or SHIRE, that NEW RIVER or SHIRE, respectively, regards as its highly valuable trade
secrets, confidential information, and proprietary property. Where any Confidential Information is
derived from the synthesis in a unique manner, or into a unique concept, of various elements that
may be contained in the public domain, no part of the Confidential Information shall be deemed to
be in the public domain or to be in the Receiving Party’s possession or to be thereafter acquired
by the Receiving Party merely because it embraces information in the public domain or general
information that the Receiving Party may thereafter acquire.
(b) “Disclosing Party” shall mean the Party disclosing Confidential Information.
(c) “Receiving Party” Shall mean the Party receiving disclosure of the Confidential Information.
(d) It is specifically understood and agreed that Confidential Information shall include the
existence of this Agreement and its terms and the fact that the Parties are discussing and
evaluating the Business Purpose.
2.
Applicability
. This Agreement shall apply to all Confidential Information disclosed by the
Disclosing Party to the Receiving Party, and Confidential Information shall include extracts,
analyses, compilations, studies or other documents or records prepared by or for the Receiving
Party or any of Receiving Party’s Representatives (defined in Paragraph 4) to the extent that such
extracts, analyses, compilations, studies, documents or records contain or otherwise reflect or are
generated from the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information.
3.
Non-Disclosure Obligation
. Each Party agrees:
(a) to hold the other Party’s Confidential Information in strict confidence in accordance with
this Agreement;
(b) to exercise at least the same care in protecting the other Party’s Confidential Information
from disclosure as the Party uses with regard to its own Confidential Information (but in no event less
than reasonable care);
(c) not to disclose such Confidential Information to third parties (including, without limitation,
any clients, affiliates, independent contractors and consultants) without the prior, written
consent of the Disclosing Party except as expressly permitted under Paragraph 4; and
(d) not to use any Confidential Information for any purpose except for the Business Purpose without
the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party.
4.
Disclosure 
to Representatives, Conduct of Activities, and Prohibited 
Activities.
(a) Subject to the restrictions set forth below in this Section 4, each Party may disclose the
other Party’s Confidential Information to its directors, officers, employees, legal advisors,
financial advisors and accountants, each bound by obligations of confidentiality
CONFIDENTIAL
Page 2 of 7
consistent with this Agreement, who have a bona fide need to know (“Representatives”), but 
only to the extent necessary to carry out the Business Purpose. Each Party agrees to instruct all
such Representatives (i) of the identities of the Party’s other permitted Representatives, and
(ii) not to disclose such Confidential Information to any third parties (including, without
limitation, any clients, affiliates, subsidiaries, independent contractors, and consultants) other
than the identified Representatives without the prior written permission of the Disclosing Party.
The Receiving Party shall be responsible for the conduct and compliance of its Representatives
under this Agreement.
(b) SHIRE shall not disclose the existence of this Agreement or the related discussions except to
its Representatives identified on Exhibit A hereto, the L.E.K. Representatives identified on
Exhibit B hereto, or to the NEW RIVER Representatives identified on Exhibit C hereto.
(c) L.E.K. shall not disclose the existence of this Agreement or the related discussions except to
its Representatives identified on Exhibit B hereto, the SHIRE Representatives identified on Exhibit
A hereto, or to the NEW RIVER Representatives identified on Exhibit C hereto.
(d) NEW RIVER shall not disclose the existence of this Agreement or the related discussions except
to its Representatives identified on Exhibit C hereto, the SHIRE Representatives identified on
Exhibit A hereto, or to the L.E.K. Representatives identified on Exhibit B hereto.
(e) In assisting SHIRE in discussions and evaluations in connection with the Business Purpose,
L.E.K. may be communicating with NEW RIVER employees, consultants, or contractors not identified as
NEW RIVER Representatives on Exhibit C hereto. In all such communications, L.E.K. shall not
disclose the name of its client or otherwise permit any communication or disclosure that could
result in such NEW RIVER employees, consultants, or contractors identifying SHIRE as having any
involvement in the work being performed by L.E.K.
5.
Non-Confidential Information
. The confidentiality and non-use provisions of this
Agreement shall not include information that the Receiving Party is able to demonstrate by
competent proof:
(a) is now or hereafter becomes, through no act or omission on the part of the
Receiving Party, generally known or available within the industry without restriction as to
its use or disclosure, or is now or later enters the public domain through no act or
omission on the part of the Receiving Party;
(b) was acquired or known by the Receiving Party before receiving such information
from the Disclosing Party as shown by the Receiving Party’s written records;
(c) is hereafter rightfully furnished to the Receiving Party by a third party having
a right to disclose it, without restriction as to use or disclosure;
CONFIDENTIAL
Page 3 of 7
(d) is information that the Receiving Party can document was independently developed by
or for the Receiving Party without reference to Confidential Information acquired from
the Disclosing Party;
(e) is required by a court or other governmental authority of competent jurisdiction
to be disclosed by the Receiving Party, provided that (i) the Receiving Party shall have
used reasonable efforts to give the Disclosing Party prompt notice of any required
disclosure, and (ii) Receiving Party shall have informed the requesting authority of the
confidential nature of the information and used reasonable efforts to obtain
confidential treatment for the information required to be disclosed; or
(f) is disclosed with the prior, written consent of the Disclosing Party specifically
authorizing such disclosure by the Receiving Party.
6.
Removal of Confidential Materials
. <*$p$*>Each Party agrees to use reasonable efforts to avoid removing materials or tangible items containing any of the other Party’s Confidential Information from the premises of the Disclosing Party without the Disclosing Party’s consent. Each Party agrees to generally adhere to the terms and conditions that the Disclosing Party imposes upon approved removal of such materials or items, including, without limitation, that the removed materials or items should ideally be returned in a timely manner, and that making copies of the removed materials or items should be discouraged.<*$p$*>
7.
Return of Confidential Information
. <*$p$*>Upon the Disclosing Party’s request, the Receiving Party will endeavor to return to the Disclosing Party materials or tangible items containing the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information and copies thereof, subject to reasonable delays; provided, however, Receiving Party’s legal department or outside legal counsel may retain copies of Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information as they see fit.<*$p$*>
8.
Notification
. <*$p$*>The Receiving Party should, to the extent practical, notify the Disclosing Party upon reasonable suspicion of unauthorized use or disclosure of the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information, or potential breach of the Agreement by the Receiving Party or its Representative, and will consider cooperating with the Disclosing Party in a manner they deem appropriate to assist the Disclosing Party to regain possession of the Confidential Information and prevent its further unauthorized use or disclosure.<*$p$*>
9.
No Grant of Rights
. Each Party recognizes and agrees that nothing contained in this Agreement
will be construed as granting any rights to the Receiving Party, by license or otherwise, to use
any of the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information except for the Business Purpose.
10.
Limitation As To Effect
. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed, by implication
or otherwise, as an obligation to enter into any further agreement, and nothing contained in this
Agreement shall be construed, by implication or otherwise, as a grant, option, or
CONFIDENTIAL
Page 4 of 7
license under any patent, trade secret, copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights of either
Party.
11.
Equitable and Legal Relief
. Each Party acknowledges that all of the Disclosing
Party’s Confidential Information is owned solely by the Disclosing Party (and/or its
licensors) and that the unauthorized disclosure or use of such Confidential Information
may cause irreparable harm and significant injury, the degree of which may be difficult to
ascertain and for which monetary damages would provide an insufficient remedy.
Accordingly, each Party agrees that the Disclosing Party shall have the right to seek an
immediate injunction from any court of competent jurisdiction enjoining actual or 
threatened breach of this Agreement and/or actual or threatened disclosure of the
Confidential Information without the necessity of posting a bond or other security. <*$p$*>Each Party may explore other rights or remedies available at law or equity for such a breach, subject to resource availability.<*$p$*>
12.
Term
. This Agreement shall become effective upon the effective Date and shall remain
in effect for five (5) years from the Effective Date unless extended by the written consent
of the Parties.
13.
Notice
. All notices under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly
given if sent by fax copy as directed below and followed by hard copy, dispatched on the
same day (a) by a nationally reputable delivery service, prepaid and addressed as set
forth below, or (b) by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage
prepaid, and addressed as follows.
If to NEW RIVER:
New River Pharmaceuticals Inc.
The Governor Tyler
1881 Grove Ave
Radford, VA 24141
Attention: Legal Department
Fax No.: (540) 633-7939
If to SHIRE:
Shire 
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
725 Chesterbrook Boulevard
Wayne, PA 19087
Attention: Legal Department
Fax No.: 484-595-8163
CONFIDENTIAL
Page 5 of 7
If to L.E.K.:
L.E.K. Consulting LLC
28 State Street
16
th
Floor
Boston, MA 02109
Attention: Mike Clabault
Fax No.: 617-951-9392
Any party may change its address for notices by giving the other party notice of such change in the
manner provided above.
14.
Integration
. This Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions imposed on the removal of
Confidential Information under Paragraph 6, sets forth the entire agreement between the Parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof, and it may not be modified or amended except by a
written agreement executed by the parties hereto; provided, however, (a) each existing
confidentiality agreement between some or all of the Parties shall survive the execution of this
Agreement and continue in full force and effect in accordance with its stated terms and conditions,
and (b) the confidentiality obligations arising under the United States Collaboration Agreement,
dated March 31, 2005, by and among Shire LLC, Shire Pharmaceuticals Group PLC, and New River
Pharmaceuticals Inc., or under the ROW Territory License Agreement, dated March 31, 2005, by and among Shire Pharmaceuticals Ireland Limited, Shire Pharmaceuticals Group PLC, and New River Pharmaceuticals
Inc., shall survive the execution of this Agreement and continue in full force and effect in
accordance with the stated terms and conditions of each.
15.
Severability
. If any provision of this Agreement is declared to be invalid, void or
unenforceable, (a) the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall continue in full force and
effect, and (b) the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be replaced by mutual agreement of
the Parties in writing by a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest
to expressing the intention of such invalid or unenforceable term or provision.
16.
Governing Law
. The validity and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by,
construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable to
agreements made and to be fully performed therein (excluding conflicts of laws provisions thereof).
17.
Waiver
. No waiver by either Party of any provision of this Agreement shall constitute a
continuing waiver of such provision or a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement. No waiver
by either Party of any breach or default by the other Party, shall constitute a waiver of any other
breach or default of the same or any other provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any provision,
breach or default shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by an authorized
representative of the Party against whom waiver is sought.
18.
Binding Authority
. Each Party represents and warrants that (a) it has the power and authority to
enter into this Agreement; (b) it has the right to permit the other Party to evaluate
CONFIDENTIAL
Page 6 of 7
the Confidential Information in accordance herewith; and (c) the terms of this Agreement are not
inconsistent with any other contractual or legal obligation it may have.
19.
Multiple Counterparts
. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts,
and the Parties may execute and exchange facsimile copies of this Agreement, all of which taken
together shall constitute one agreement.
20.
Insider Trading
. Each Party acknowledges that (a) the Disclosing Party’s Confidential
Information may represent material, non-public information of the Disclosing Party; (b) federal
securities laws prohibit anyone who is in possession of material, non-public information from
purchasing or selling the Disclosing Party’s securities on the basis of material, non-public
information of the Disclosing Party; and (c) each Party shall comply with all applicable securities
laws and regulations with respect to material, non-public information of the Disclosing Party
disclosed under this Agreement.
21.
Binding Effect
. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
Parties and their respective successors, heirs, executors, administrators and permitted assigns.
Neither Party may assign this Agreement in whole or in part or delegate its obligations under this
Agreement in whole or in part without the prior written consent of the other Party.
22.
Press Releases; Use of Trademarks
. Neither Party shall (a) issue a press release or
make any other public statement that references this Agreement, or (b) use the other Party’s names
or trademarks for publicity or advertising purposes, except with the prior written consent of the
other Party.
23.
Amendment; Modification
. This Agreement may not be amended, modified, altered or
supplemented except by a writing signed by both Parties.
In 
Witness Whereof
, the Parties have executed this Agreement through their duly authorized
representatives on the date set forth above.
NEW RIVER PHARMACEUTICALS INC.
L.E.K. CONSULTING LLC
By:
By:
Name: Randal J. Kirk
Name: Jon Piper
Title: President & CEO
Title: Vice President
SHIRE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC
By:
Name: Scott Applebaum
Title: Secretary
CONFIDENTIAL
Page 7 of 7
LEK Team Contacts
L.E.K. Team
Name
Title
Email
Work Phone
Marc Kozin
Vice President
m.kozin@lek.com
617-951-9545
Jonathan Piper
Vice President
j.piper@lek.com
617-951-9627
Steven Rosner
Vice President
s.rosner@lek.com
617-951-9556
Jonathan Chou
Manager
j.chou@lek.com
617-951-9666
David Maier
Consultant
d.maier@lek.com
617-951-9526
Brian Sze
Associate Consultant
b.sze@lek.com
617-951-9586
Jonathan Rupp
Associate
j.rupp@lek.com
617-951-9662
Beth Goldberg
Exec Assist to M. Kozin
b.goldberg@lek.com
617-951-9515
Ewa Hart
Exec Assist to J. Piper
e.hart@lek.com
617-951-9682
Erika Jenkins
Exec Assist to S. Rosner
e.jenkins@lek.com
617-951-9559
Andrea McNaughton
Exec Assist to J. Chou
a.mcnaughton@lek.com
617-951-9638
L.E.K. Boston Main
617-951-9500
L.E.K. Boston Fax
617-951-9392
LEK Confidential
11/30/2006
Page 1
Exhibit A
To the Non-Disclosure & Confidentiality
Agreement by and between
Shire Pharmaceuticals Inc
L.E.K. Consulting LLC
New River Pharmaceuticals Inc
with the Effective Date of 28 November 2006
Shire Project Team
Matthew Emmens
Angus Russell
Mike Cola
Barbara Deptula
Tatjana May
Scott Applebaum
Simon Gibbins
Gwen Melincoff
Craig Lewis
David Baker
Suzanne Hare
Rob Lutz
Janice Hall
Cherise Kent
Jonathan Poole
Jay Glasscott
Finbarr Obinyan
Chris Janssen
LEK Team Contacts
L.E.K. Team
Name
Title
Email
Work Phone
Marc Kozin
Jonathan Piper
Steven Rosner
Jonathan Chou
David Maier
Brian Sze
Jonathan Rupp
Vice President
Vice President
Vice President
Manager
Consultant
Associate Consultant
Associate
m.kozin@lek.com
j.piper@lek.com
s.rosner@lek.com
j.chou@lek.com
d.maier@.lek.com
b.sze@lek.com
j.rupp@lek.com
617-951-9545
617-951-9627
617-951-9556
617-951-9666
617-951-9526
617-951-9586
617-951-9662
Beth Goldberg
Ewa Hart
Erika Jenkins
Andrea McNaughton
Exec Assist to M. Kozin
Exec Assist to J. Piper
Exec Assist to S. Rosner
Exec Assist to J. Chou
b.goldberg@lek.com
e.hart@lek.com
e.jenkins@lek.com
a.mcnaughton@lek.com
617-951-9515
617-951-9682
617-951-9559
617-951-9638
L.E.K. Boston Main
L.E.K. Boston Fax
617-951-9500
617-951-9392
LEK Confidential
12/6/2006
Page 1
Non-Disclosure & Confidentiality Agreement among Shire, L.E.K. and New River dated November 
28, 2006.
Exhibit C
NEW RIVER REPRESENTATIVES
Name
Title
Email
Work Phone
Randal J. Kirk
Chairman, President
rj.kirk@nrpharma.com
540.633.7978
and Chief Executive
Officer
Krish S. Krishnan
Chief Operating
krish.krishnan@nrpharma.com
540.633.7978
Officer, Chief
Financial Officer
and Secretary
Suma M. Krishnan
Vice President,
skrishnan@nrpharma.com
540.633.7978
Product Development
Cliff Herndon
Vice President,
cliff.herndon@thirdsecurity.com
540.633.7922
Finance and
Controller
Legal Department personnel at Third Security, LLC
Marcus E. Smith
Senior Managing
marcus.smith@thirdsecurity.com
540.633.7971
Director and
General Counsel
Tad Fisher
Managing Director
tad.fisher@thirdsecurity.com
540.633.7951
and Associate
General Counsel
Reade Williams
Associate General
reade.williams@thirdsecurity.com
540.633.7925
Counsel
Milan B. Tolley
Manager, Paralegal
milan.tolley@thirdsecurity.com
540.633.7932
Services