NON-DISCLOSURE
        AGREEMENT
The
        Parties acknowledge that each owns certain CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, as defined
        herein, which might relate to the inventions, conceptions, ideas, know-how,
        discoveries, processes, machines, manufactures, compositions of matter,
        formulations, processes, biological material, biological methods, or any
        improvements thereof, whether or not patentable or suitable for other form
        of
        exclusive right or legal protection, conceived, made or derived during the
        course of Work within the Project under this JRA; and
The
        Parties are willing to disclose to each other such necessary CONFIDENTIAL
        INFORMATION provided each Party preserves the confidential nature of the
        other
        Party's INFORMATION and uses it solely for purposes of this Agreement.
The
        Parties agree as follows:
1.
        "CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION" as used in this Agreement means all technical
        or
        business information disclosed by one of the Parties to another pursuant
        to the
        JRA that is identified at the time of disclosure or within thirty (30) days
        thereafter as being confidential and proprietary. No information will be
        regarded as CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION if the Party to which it is disclosed
        can
        show by competent proof that such information
(a)
        was
        at the time of disclosure, or subsequently became, through no fault of the
        receiving Party, known to the general public through publication or otherwise;
        or
(b)
        was,
        subsequent to disclosure to a Party, lawfully and independently received
        by that
        Party from a third party who had the right to disclose it without restriction.
Specific
        aspects or details of CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION shall not be deemed to be
        within
        the public domain or in the possession of a Party merely because the
        CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION is embraced by general disclosures in the public
        domain
        or in the possession of a Party. In addition, any combination of CONFIDENTIAL
        INFORMATION shall not be considered in the public domain or in the possession
        of
        a Party merely because individual elements thereof are in the public domain
        or
        in the possession of that Party unless the combination and its principles
        are in
        the public domain or in the possession of that Party.
2.
        Any
        Party, at its discretion, may disclose to another Party any CONFIDENTIAL
        INFORMATION that the disclosing Party, in its reasonable judgment, believes
        is
        sufficient to enable the receiving Party to arrive at conceptions, ideas,
        innovations, discoveries, inventions, compositions, biological material,
        biological methods, whether or not patentable or susceptible to any other
        form
        of legal protection, during performance Under the IRA. Any Party may also
        cause
        such disclosures to be made to the other Party on behalf of the disclosing
        Party
        by third parties who are Under obligations of confidentiality to the disclosing
        Party; such disclosures from third parties shall be deemed to be disclosures
        by
        the disclosing Party.
-
            2
            -
3.
        <*$p$*>In consideration of each and every disclosure of CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, the Parties agree to: (a) endeavor to treat as confidential and to preserve the confidentiality of all CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION; (b) use any and all CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION solely in connection with the general intent of the performance of the IRA; (c) make no disclosures of any CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION to any party other than officers and employees of a Party to this IRA to the best of their ability; (d) limit access to CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION to those officers and employees having a perceived need for such INFORMATION; and (e) consider maintaining in confidence any information regarding the nature or scope of any transaction between the Parties, except to the extent such information must be disclosed pursuant to law, and then only after providing reasonable notice to the other Party of such requirement.<*$p$*>
Any
        obligation imposed by this paragraph 3 may be waived in writing by a Party
        as to
        particular CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION and to a particular use or disclosure.
        Any
        such waiver will have a one-time effect and will not apply to any subsequent
        situation regardless of its similarity.
4.
        All
        CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION will remain the property of the disclosing Party
        and,
        upon request of the disclosing Party, the receiving Party shall promptly
        return
        to the disclosing Party all CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, or any part or
        reproduction thereof.
5.
        <*$p$*>The obligations of each and every Party, and each employee and officer of each Party Under this Agreement may generally expire approximately five (5) years from what is perceived to be the termination of the JRA.<*$p$*>
6.
        This
        Agreement is subject to the laws (excluding conflicts rules) of the State
        of New
        York.
-
            3
            -
7.
        The
        terms and provisions of this Agreement will inure to the benefit of the Parties,
        their respective successors and assigns and will be binding on said successors
        and assigns. <*$p$*>This paragraph notwithstanding, neither Party should disclose any CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION to any successor or assign unless they believe it's reasonably necessary, with strong encouragement to obtain prior written consent of the disclosing Party.<*$p$*>
8.
        <*$p$*>The Parties acknowledge that no explicit right or license under any current patent is granted to any other Party or any other person through the direct text of this Agreement or the explicit disclosure of CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, but implicit licenses or rights might be construed.<*$p$*>
IN
        WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the date first
        written above.
For:
NANOLUTION, LLC
For:
NATURALNANO INC.
By:
By:
Name:
                  John Lanzafame
Title:
                  President
Name:
                  Michael Riedlinger
Title:
                  President
-
            4
            -