BOMI International 
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
 
 This Non-Disclosure Agreement (the “A greement”) is made by and between BOMI 
International, Inc. (“BOMI”), and you, the test ta ker (“Attendee”).  In consideration for your right 
to take the CBT Test, Attend ee agrees to the following: 
 
1. “Confidential Information” shall mean all information, whether communicated in 
oral, written, electronic or other form, furnis hed by BOMI or prepared by Attendee during the 
Testing Period, including, but not  limited to, answers and note s made by Attendee during the 
Testing Period, any test questions and answer s, any accompanying Test materials and like 
information, and any and all other Test info rmation of, or provide d by, BOMI.  All notes, 
analyses, compilations, and other documents pr epared by Attendee during the Testing Period, 
which contain or otherwise reflect information regarding the Test, will also be “Confidential Information.”  The Testing Period include s all time immediately prior to, during, and 
immediately following the scheduled Test time.   2. <*$p$*>Attendee will endeavor to preserve as confidential all Confidential Information that Attendee may obtain or prepare in relation to the Test during the Testing Period. Without BOMI’s prior written consent, which may be given or withheld by BOMI, Attendee will not generally disclose any Confidential Information to any third party nor give any third party routine access thereto, nor (b) use Confidential Information unless generally permissible.<*$p$*>  At all times during the 
testing period, Attendee agrees to abide by the Code of Profe ssional Ethics and Conduct, a copy 
of which can be found online at www.bomi.org
. 
 
 3. <*$p$*>Attendee should consider notifying BOMI upon discovery of unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information or any breach of this Agreement, and should attempt to cooperate with BOMI to assist BOMI in mitigating the consequences of such use or disclosure and preventing further unauthorized use or disclosure.<*$p$*>  If a third part y brings an action 
against BOMI arising out of Atte ndee’s breach of this Agreement,  BOMI, at its sole discretion, 
may settle or defend the claim, and Attendee shall pay all settlements, costs, damages and legal 
fees and expenses arising out of such settlement or defense.  
4. Attendee agrees that money damages w ill not be a sufficient remedy for any 
breach of this Agreement by him and that in addition to all other remedies which may be 
available, BOMI will be entitled to specific perf ormance and injunctive or other equitable relief, 
without bond, as a remedy for any such breach or threatened breach.  All remedies available to 
BOMI for breach of this Agreement are cumulative and may be exercised concurrently or separately, and the exercise of any one remedy sha ll not be deemed an election of such remedy to 
the exclusion of other remedies.    
5. <*$p$*>In the event of any litigation between the Parties in connection with this Agreement, including the seeking of injunctive relief, should BOMI be considered the prevailing party, Attendee may be responsible for a portion of BOMI’s reasonable costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, subject to court discretion.<*$p$*>  Should BOMI not be a successfu l party, the Parties will each bear their own 
attorneys’ fees and expenses.   6. Attendee acknowledges that all Test documents, materi als, drawings, and other 
physical media of expression inco rporating or containing any Confidential Information that 
BOMI furnishes to Attendee, or that Attendee prepares during the Testing Period, are BOMI’s 
property and will be promptly su rrendered to BOMI upon the comple tion of the Testing Period.  
After the completion of the Testing Period, Atte ndee will make no furthe r use of any of the 
Confidential Information.  The foregoing will a pply regardless of whether Attendee completes 
the Test.   7. Attendee understands that BOMI makes no representations or warranties as to the 
accuracy or completeness of any Confidential Information disclosed, and Attendee agrees that 
neither BOMI nor any of its officers, director s, Attendees, agents, members or attorneys will 
have any liability to Attendee arising from Attendee’s use of the Confidential Information. 
 
8. To the fullest extent permitted by law,  all of the covenants and agreements 
contained in this Agreement will survive inde finitely.  Attendee also understands that the 
obligation not to use or disclose Confidential In formation shall survive the completion of Testing 
Period, for so long as the information remain s Confidential Information.  Attendee further 
understands that this Agreement extends to, and shall be binding upon, his heirs, successors and assigns. 
 9. This Agreement supersedes all previous ag reements, written or oral, relating to the 
above subject matter, and may be modified onl y by a written instrument  duly executed by the 
parties hereto.  If any part of any provision of this Agreement or any other agreement, document 
or writing given pursuan t to or in connection with this  Agreement shall be invalid or 
unenforceable under applicable law, sa id part shall be ine ffective to the extent of such invalidity 
or unenforceability only, without in any way affecting the remaini ng parts of said provision or 
the remaining provisions of said agreement.  
10. <*$p$*>This Agreement will be generally guided by the laws of the State of Maryland. Attendee consents to the possibility of jurisdiction in the courts of the State of Maryland. Any suit brought hereon should ideally be brought in the state or federal courts sitting in the State of Maryland, the parties hereto may consider waiving any claim or defense that such forum is not convenient or proper.<*$p$*> 
 