Attachment 8 
Non-Disclosure Agreement 
for 
Request for Proposal – California Courts Protective Order Registry Development 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 5 THIS CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT (“Agreement ”), effective as of 
_________________[ date of company’s  signed proposal]  (“Effective Date ”), is entered 
into by and between the Administrati ve Office of the Courts (the “AOC ”) and [company 
name ], a [ ] corporation, with its principal address at [complete address ], (hereinafter the 
“Company ”). 
 
WHEREAS, the State of California, ac ting through the Ju dicial Council of 
California, Administrati ve Office of the Courts is plannin g to disclose certain confidential 
information to potential vendors who wish to bid on the Request for Proposal for Judicial 
Council of California Administrative Office of  the Courts (AOC) for California Courts 
Protective Order Registry De velopment, including all Statements of Work, dated on or 
about April, 2009 (collectively, the “RFP ”); 
 WHEREAS, each potential vendor who wishes  to submit a response to the RFP 
must have access to that confid ential information in order to construct a response to the 
RFP, including a bid; and WHEREAS, the AOC requires each potential v endor identified to re ceive the RFP to 
sign this Confidentiality Agreem ent and return it to the AOC as a condition of receiving 
the RFP; NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and of the mu tual promises and 
agreements herein contained, it is agreed by and between the parties hereto as follows: 
1. Company agrees that all information,  documents, data, materials and the 
AOC proprietary software systems disclos ed to, or accessed by, Company in 
connection with, or relat ed to, the RFP or the RFP process, in any form 
whether oral or written, or in any m edium, including but not limited to any of 
the following is “Confidential Information
” under the terms of this Agreement: 
a. The subject matter described in , and referred to, in the RFP, its 
associated Statements of Work (“SOWs ”) or any other attachments, or 
during the RFP process (collect ively “AOC Requirements”); 
b. The RFP document (including all attachments), its content, and all 
supporting data, materials and a ll other information provided to 
Company in any form or medium in or in relation to the AOC’s RFP; 
c. Any information, data, document or material concerning or related to 
the AOC Requirements, includi ng but not limited to the AOC 
Requirements described in the RFP, SOWs, and all subsequent 
information, data, document or ma terials that may be provided to 
Company from time to time during the RFP process, including but not 
limited to any information, data, docum ent or materials provided during 
or in response to any questions from  Company or another recipient of 
the RFP; 
Attachment 8 
Non-Disclosure Agreement 
for 
Request for Proposal – California Courts Protective Order Registry Development 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 5 d. The SOW documents (including all attachments), their content, and all 
supporting data, materials and a ll other information provided to 
Company in any form or medium in relation to the AOC’s RFP process; 
e. All fees including base charges for services, ARC and RRC rates, 
termination fees, resource baseline,  volume discounts, new service 
rates, and skill categories for services; 
f. Any information, data, document or  material provided to Company in 
any form or medium to conduct any capability test pilot or demonstration, whether at the Com pany’s facilities or the AOC’s 
facilities;  
g. Description of the AOC’s finance,  information technology, engineering 
and purchasing activities; 
h. The AOC’s objectives and strategies , including without limitation, the 
AOC’s direction and the AO C’s sourcing objectives; 
i. The AOC’s standards, policies,  procedures and methodologies; 
j. The AOC’s volume information provided in the RFP; k. Any and all other information, data or  materials that Company receives 
access to or obtains in connection wit h onsite visits, meetings or in any 
other forms of communication w hether oral or written with AOC 
personnel and contractors; and 
l. Any and all other information, data  or materials learned by Company 
through inspection of the AOC’s  property regarding the AOC’s 
products, designs, business plans, st rategies or processes, business 
opportunities, procurement  or supply business pl ans, strategies or 
process, sales or marketing plans, strategies or processes, technical 
plans, strategies, or architecture, financial plans, strategies or processes, research, developmen t, know-how, personnel, or third-
party confidential information disclosed to Company by the AOC. 
2. All Confidential Information disclos ed by the AOC to Company shall be 
received in confidence by Company.  Co mpany agrees that it shall undertake 
all necessary and appropriate steps to  ensure that the secrecy of the 
Confidential Information in its possessi on shall be maintained.  Company also 
agrees that it shall treat the Confi dential Information with not less than the 
same degree of care and confidentiality with which it treats its own 
confidential information, but in no event less than reasonable care. <*$p$*>Company agrees that access to the Confidential Information shall generally be given to those of its employees who may have a need to know to engage in the business relationship contemplated by this Agreement and who are encouraged to sign a non-use and non-disclosure agreement. Prior to any disclosure of the Confidential Information to such employees, Company should make an effort to ensure that the agreement's content is reasonably protective of the Confidential Information.<*$p$*>     
3. <*$p$*>Company should generally not use the Confidential Information for purposes other than evaluating the RFP, and disclosure to third parties is discouraged absent consent from the AOC. However, Confidential Information may include information of the AOC that: (a) is arguably known to Company at the time of its disclosure; (b) is potentially publicly known; (c) is obtained from a third party; (d) is possibly independently developed by the Company; or (e) is communicated to a third party with the consent of the AOC.<*$p$*>  Nothing in this Agreement 
shall prevent the Company from disclos ing Confidential Information to the 
extent the Company is lawfully require d to be disclosed to any governmental 
agency or is otherwise required to be disclosed by law, provided that 
Company gives the AOC pr ompt written notice of such requirement before 
making such disclosure and Company gives the AOC an adequate opportunity and assistance to interpose an objection or take action to assure 
confidential handling of such Confidential Information.   
4. <*$p$*>All Confidential Information, and derivatives thereof, are generally considered the property of the AOC, and no explicit license or other specific rights to Confidential Information are granted to Company unless otherwise implied.<*$p$*>  For the purpose of 
this Agreement, “Derivative
” means: (i) for copyrightable or copyrighted 
material, any translation, abridgment, revision or other form in which an 
existing work may be recast, transform ed or adapted, (ii) for patentable or 
patented material, any improvement or enhanc ement of it; and (iii) for material 
which is protected by trade secret, any  new material derived from existing 
trade secret material, incl uding new material which may be protected by any 
of the following: copyrigh t, patent or trade secret. 
5. <*$p$*>Except as otherwise provided in any future agreement, Company will endeavor to return, upon reasonable request by the AOC, documents containing Confidential Information in its direct possession, if reasonably practical. Company should discontinue the use of the Confidential Information when feasible.<*$p$*> 
6. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to grant any rights to either party under 
any patent or copyright rights, nor shall this Agreement grant to any rights in 
or to the Confidential Information, ex cept as expressly set forth herein. 
7. Any software and other technical info rmation disclosed under this Agreement 
may be subject to restrictions and controls imposed by the Export 
Administration Act, Export Administra tion Regulations and other laws and 
regulations of the United States and any other a pplicable government or 
jurisdiction, as enacted from time to time (the "Acts ").  <*$p$*>Each party should endeavor to comply with restrictions and controls imposed by the Acts.<*$p$*> 
8. ALL CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS".  THE AOC 
MAKES NO WARRANTIES,  EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, 
REGARDING ITS ACCURACY, CO MPLETENESS, FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR PERFORMANCE. 
9. The parties acknowledge and agree t hat the Confidential Information and 
rights related thereto being  protected by the AOC her eunder are of a special, 
unique, unusual and extr aordinary character, which gives them a peculiar 
value, the loss of which may not be a dequately or reasonably compensated 
for in damages in an action at law, and further agree that the breach by 
Company of any of the pr ovisions of this Agreem ent shall cause the other 
party irreparable injury and damage.  <*$p$*>In such event, the party alleging breach of this Agreement may seek, if deemed appropriate, to require of the other party specific performance of the acts and undertakings required hereunder and to obtain injunctive and other equitable relief in any competent court to prevent the violation or threatened violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement by the other party.<*$p$*>  Neither this provision nor any exer cise by either party of its rights to 
equitable relief or specific performance herein granted shall constitute a waiver by either party of any other rights which it may have to, damages or 
otherwise.  If either party brings su it to enforce the terms hereof, the 
successful party in such suit shall be ent itled to receive all of its reasonable 
costs of litigation, including attorneys' fees. 
10. If any provision of this Agreem ent is declared void, or otherwise 
unenforceable, to any extent, the parties  shall endeavor in good faith to agree 
to such amendments that shall preserve, as far as possible, the intentions 
expressed in this Agreement.  If the parties fail to agree on such an 
amendment, such provision shall be deem ed to have been severed from this 
Agreement, which shall otherwise remain in full force and effect. 
11. Company warrants and represents t hat the individual who signs this 
Attachment 8 
Non-Disclosure Agreement 
for 
Request for Proposal – California Courts Protective Order Registry Development 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 5 Agreement for Company below has all r equisite power and authority to enter 
into this Agreement on behalf of Company and to bind Company. 
12. This Agreement contains the sole  and entire agreement between the parties 
relating to the subject hereof and any repr esentation, promise or condition not 
contained herein, or any amendment hereto or waiver  hereunder shall not be 
binding on either party unless in writing and signed by an authorized 
representative of the party to be bound thereby. 
13. This Agreement and all rights and oblig ations hereunder shall inure to and be 
binding upon the parties hereto and thei r respective successors, affiliates, 
agents, employees and assigns .  Neither party may assi gn any of its rights or 
obligations hereunder without t he prior written consent of the other party.  
This Agreement shall be gover ned by, and construed and enforced in 
accordance with, the laws of the State of Califor nia without regard to choice of 
law principles. 
14. This Agreement shall survive until such  time as all Confid ential Information 
disclosed hereunder becomes publicly known and made generally available 
through no action or inaction of Company.  Except as otherwise provided in 
any future agreement, either party may terminate this Agreement by written 
notice to the other.  Not withstanding any such termination, all rights and 
obligations hereunder shall survive with respect to Confidential Information 
disclosed prior to such termination. 
15. The State of California, acting th rough the Judicial Council of California, 
Administrative Office of the Courts, is  an intended third party beneficiary of 
this Agreement and shall have the right to enforce provisions of this Agreement directly against Company. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caus ed this Agreement to be executed by 
their duly authorized representatives  as of the Effective Date. 
 
Administrative Office of the Courts   [Company]   
By: 
 By:  
Name:    Name:  
Title:  Title:  
 