CONFIDENTIAL 
Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement  
   
 
   
 Page 2 THIS  MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
is made on (insert date)                                                           2012 
 
Between 
 
(A) Wollaston School  whose address for notification s under this Agreement is at 
Irchester Road, Wollaston, Wellingboro ugh, Northamptonshire, NN29 7PH and 
 
(B) [ insert company name  ] a company incorporated in [  ] (registered no . [   ]), and 
whose registered office is at  [   ] and whose address fo r notifications under this 
Agreement is [  ] (“ “). 
 
Whereas 
 
Wollaston School and [   ] ar e respectively the owners of Co nfidential Information which 
they have agreed to disclose  to each other for the Purpos e on the terms and conditions 
set out in this Agreement. 
 
The parties agree as follows: 
 
1 Interpretation 
 
In this Agreement: 
Affiliate means any other entity  that directly or indirectly  controls, is controlled by 
or is under common contro l with either party; 
Confidential Information  means any information disclosed (whether before or 
after the date of this Agr eement, in writing, verbally  or otherwise and whether 
directly or indirectly) by or on behalf of the Disclosing Party or an Affiliate of the 
Disclosing Party to the Receiving Pa rty in connection with the Purpose; 
Disclosing Party means the party to this Agreemen t disclosing the Confidential 
Information; 
Purpose means discussions and negotiations betw een the parties in relation to the 
supply of IT infrastructure and services and the associated tender exercise; and 
Receiving Party  means the party to this Agreement to whom the Confidential 
Information is disclosed. 
A reference to a person includes a refere nce to a body corpor ate, association or 
partnership and includes that person's successors. 
 
 
2 Undertakings 
 
<*$p$*>Each party will endeavor to keep the other party's Confidential Information confidential, considering the measures outlined in Clause 3. Each party will attempt to limit the use of the other party's Confidential Information, and aim not to disclose it to third parties, using measures they see fit to prevent such disclosure, bearing in mind the exemptions in Clause 4.<*$p$*> 
 
 
3 Maintaining confidentiality 
 
<*$p$*>Each party should, in relation to the Confidential Information of the other party, consider exercising similar security measures and a comparable degree of care to those which it applies to its own confidential information.<*$p$*> 
 
 
4 Disclosure of information 
 
4.1 Each party may disclose th e Confidential Information of the other party in the 
following circumstances: 
 
(a) with the prior written cons ent of the other party;  
 
(b) to its employees, professional advisors, affiliates, consultants, shareholders, 
financiers and authorised representa tives but only to the extent that 
disclosure is necessary for the purpose; or  
 
(c) where disclosure is required by law, by  a court of competen t jurisdiction, by 
the rules of any stock exchange or by  another appropriate regulatory body, 
provided that all reasonable steps to pr event such disclosure  shall be taken, 
the disclosure shall be of the minimum amount re quired, and the Receiving 
Party consults the Disclosing Party first on the proposed form, timing, nature 
and purpose of the disclosure with as much prior notice as is practicable in 
the circumstances. 
 
4.2 The Receiving Party shall inform the Recipi ent of the terms of this Agreement and 
shall ensure that the Recipient complies with the term s of this Agreement as if the 
Recipient were a party to this Agreement. 
 
4.3 The Receiving Party shall at the request of the Disclosing Party and at its own 
expense take such reasonable steps as th e Disclosing Party ma y require to enforce 
the obligations of the Reci pient under Clause 4.2 incl uding (where necessary) the 
institution of legal proceedings. 
 
4.4 For the purposes of Clause 4 Recipient  means a person to wh om any Confidential 
Information is disclosed pursuant  to Clause 4.1(a) or 4.1(b). 
 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement  
   
 
   
 Page 4  
5 Exceptions 
 
5.1 This Agreement does not apply to Confidential Information: 
 
(a) to the extent it is or becomes generally available to the public other than 
through a breach of  this Agreement; 
 
(b) which the Receiving Party can show by it s written or other records was in its 
lawful possession prior to  receipt from the Disclosi ng Party and which had not 
previously been obtained from the Disclosing Party or another person under 
an obligation of confidence; 
 
(c) which subsequently comes into the posse ssion of the Receiving Party from a 
third party who does not owe the Disclo sing Party an oblig ation of confidence 
in relation to it; or 
 
(d) which has been independently develo ped by the Receivi ng Party without 
reference to the Disclosing Part y’s Confidential  Information. 
 
 
6 No grant of rights 
 
6.1 No right or licence is grante d to either party in rela tion to the other party's 
Confidential Information ex cept as expressly set out in  this Agreement and the 
Disclosing Party shall retain  all rights, title and inte rest to its Confidential 
Information. 
 
6.2 Neither party accepts responsibility for or makes a representation or warranty, 
express or implied, with respect to the truth, accuracy , completeness or 
reasonableness of the Confiden tial Information (including  the non-infringement of 
any patent, copyright or other right of a thir d party).  Neither party is liable to the 
other party or another person in respect of the Confidential  Information or its use.  
This Clause will not exclude any liability fo r, or remedy in respect of, fraudulent 
misrepresentation. 
 
6.3 Save as expressly set out in  this Agreement, neither pa rty shall owe any duty of 
care to the other part y nor any other person. 
 
  
CONFIDENTIAL 
Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement  
   
 
   
 Page 5 7 Duration of obligations 
 
The obligations and responsib ilities of the parties shall survive the termination of 
this Agreement. 
 
 
8 Return or destruction of confidential information 
 
8.1 <*$p$*>Each party will endeavor, upon request or termination, to either return or adequately dispose of the other party's Confidential Information. They will also attempt to remove Confidential Information from digital devices.<*$p$*>  Any 
destruction of Confidential Information will be certified  in writing to the other 
party by an authorised officer supervising it. 
 
 
9 Announcements 
 
<*$p$*>Parties should generally avoid disclosing the Purpose or the existence of this agreement without consent, unless disclosure seems necessary given the circumstances.<*$p$*> 
 
 
10 General 
 
10.1 A variation of this Agreement is valid only if it  is in writing and signed by or on 
behalf of each of the parties. 
 
10.2 Any failure or delay in exerci sing a right or remedy prov ided by this Agreement or 
by law does not constitute a waiver of that or of other rights or remedies.  No 
single or partial exercise of a right or re medy provided by this Agreement or by law 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement  
   
 
   
 Page 6 prevents a further exercise of  the right or remedy or th e exercise of another right 
or remedy. 
 
10.3 The rights and remedies co ntained in this Agreemen t are cumulative and not 
exclusive of rights or remedies provided by law. 
 
10.4 It is acknowledged that damages would no t be an adequate remedy for a breach 
of this Agreement and each party is entitled to the re medy of injunction, specific 
performance and other equitable relief for a threatened or actual  breach of this 
Agreement.  Any claim for lo sses under this Agreement sha ll be restricted to direct 
loss only and shall not extend to indirect or cons equential loss. 
 
10.5 If any provision of this Ag reement is held to be inva lid or unenforceable, that 
provision shall (so far as it is invalid or unenforceable) be given no effect and shall 
be deemed not to be includ ed in this Agreem ent, but without invalidating any of 
the remaining provisions. 
 
10.6 Each party is acting in this matter as pr incipal and not as an agent or broker for 
any other person or entity. 
 
10.7 This Agreement shall supersede all other confidentiality agreements between the 
parties relating to th e same subject matter. 
 
 
11 Notices 
 
11.1 A notice or other communication under or in connection with th is Agreement shall 
be in writing, in Eng lish and shall be delive red personally or sent by fax, to the 
party due to receive the no tice or communication at its address set out in this 
Agreement or another address as specified by that party by wr itten notice to the 
other.   
 
11.2 In the absence of evidence of earlier r eceipt, any notice or other communication 
shall be deemed to ha ve been duly given, if delivered personally , when left at the 
address referred to in Clause 0 and if sent by fax, on completion of its 
transmission. 
 
 
<*$p$*>12 Governing law and jurisdiction The construction, validity and performance of this Agreement shall be generally guided by the principles of law recognized in England and Wales and the parties will consider submitting to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.<*$p$*>   
CONFIDENTIAL 
Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement  
   
 
   
 Page 7 13 Third Party Rights 
 
A person who is not a part y to this Agreement shall have no right under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any of its terms. 
 
 
14 Counterparts 
 
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts each of which 
when executed and delivered is an original, but all the counterparts together 
constitute the same document. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Executed by the parties on the da te first above written 
 
 
SIGNED  
 
by      
 
for and on behalf of WOLLASTON SCHOOL  
  
 
SIGNED  
 
by        
 
for and on behalf of 