NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
THIS NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  (hereinafter referred to as the " Agreement ") is entered 
into by and between Excelerate, Inc.  a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the 
State of Alabama , (“Excelerate ”) having its principal place of business at 1230 Slaughter Road, 
Suite F, Madison, AL  35758 U.S.A., and Burton Technical Group   ("Second Party "), with its 
corporate office located at Company Address  and each or both of which shall also hereinafter 
be referred to as the " Party " or " Parties ," respectively.  
WHEREAS , the Parties represent that they control or may in the future control and have in their 
possession or may in the future possess valuable pro prietary, confidential information as 
described in Paragraph 1 of this Agreement;  
WHEREAS , in order for the Parties each to evaluate its interest in participating in a future 
business relationship it appears necessary that the Parties disclose to each othe r certain 
information; and  
WHEREAS , the Parties are willing to disclose and receive such information pursuant to the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement and neither Party has an obligation to supply 
PROPRIETARY Information;   
NOW, THEREFORE , the Parties  agree as follows:  
1. "PROPRIETARY Information" shall mean, in the case of Excelerate  and the Second Party, 
proprietary or confidential information that is owned or controlled by each party relating to 
any solicitation or request for proposal .  Each Party's P roprietary Information may include, 
but is not limited to, patents, copyrights, design methods, ideas, concepts, data, formulas, 
manufacturing techniques, know -how, business plans, customer lists, solicitation response 
strategies, technical solutions to cl ient requirements, system architectures, proposal 
preparation techniques and pricing policies, software, methodologies, technologies, 
processes, financial information, and sales and marketing information.   Edit the highlighted 
portion of the first sentence  in this paragraph to reflect the activities that are part of  the 
NDA then delete this sentence.  
2. Each Party represents that to the best of its knowledge it has the right to disclose its 
Proprietary Information to the other without conflict with, or violati on of the rights of, any 
third party.  
3. <*$p$*>Each Party receiving Proprietary Information will encourage third parties to protect the information in accordance with the provisions contained herein. The third party may be asked to execute an agreement with provisions similar to those contained herein.<*$p$*>  
4. <*$p$*>Except as provided in Paragraphs 6 and 7 hereof, Proprietary Information disclosed to a receiving Party shall be held in reasonable confidence by the receiving Party for approximately three (3) years from the effective date of this Agreement and should not be disclosed to others or used extensively except for the purposes set forth above, without the prior written approval of the disclosing Party.<*$p$*>  
5. Disclosure of Proprietary In formation to a receiving Party may be either oral or in writing.  If 
an oral disclosure occurs, it will be confirmed within fifteen (15) days following initial 
disclosure by a written communication stating at least the date and circumstances under 
which th e disclosure occurred and the general nature of the information disclosed.  When a 
writing contains Proprietary Information the writing will, prior to disclosure to the receiving 
Party, be marked by the disclosing Party with a suitable legend (such as "Pro prietary 
Information") to indicate its Proprietary status.  <*$p$*>The Parties should attempt to utilize reasonable care in protecting Proprietary Information received from the disclosing party; such care should be similar to the degree of care it gives to its own confidential or proprietary information.<*$p$*>  
6. The conditions of Paragraph 4 hereof shall not apply to information which:  
a. Was in the public domain or generally available to the public prior to receipt thereof 
by the receiving Party from the disclosi ng Party, or which subsequently becomes 
part of the public domain or generally available to the public except by wrongful act 
of the receiving Party or an employee or agent of the receiving Party; or  
b. Was (i) in the possession of the receiving Party prior to receipt from the disclosing 
Party, or (ii) is later received by the receiving Party from a third party, unless the 
receiving Party knows or has reason to know of an obligation of secrecy of the third 
party to the disclosing Party with respect to such in formation; or (iii) is developed by 
the receiving Party independent of such information received from the disclosing 
Party; or  
c. Is generally disclosed by the disclosing Party to third parties without obligation of 
secrecy.  
7. Notwithstanding anything to the c ontrary in Paragraph 4 hereof, Proprietary Information 
may be disclosed by a receiving Party to those of its employees and consultants who require 
knowledge thereof in connection with their duties in conducting the aforesaid purpose of 
this Agreement and w ho are obligated by written agreement to hold such Proprietary 
Information in confidence and restrict its use consistent with the receiving Party's 
obligations under this Agreement; and Proprietary Information may be disclosed to a 
legislative, judicial, o r  regulatory body requiring its disclosure, provided that, prior to such 
disclosure, the receiving Party has notified the disclosing Party of the requirement with an 
opportunity for the disclosing Party to object or seek an appropriate protective order.   
8. <*$p$*>Upon written request of a Party who has disclosed Proprietary Information to a receiving Party, the receiving Party will try to return most of the Proprietary Information except that one copy can be retained by legal counsel of the receiving Party as evidence of what was disclosed.<*$p$*>  
9. No title, license, or any other right of ownership or use shall be granted (expressly, by 
implication, or by estoppels) to the receiving party under any patent, trademark, copyright, 
or trade secret owned or controlled by the disclos ing party by the disclosure of Proprietary 
Information.  This Agreement shall not be construed to grant to either Party any patent 
license, use license, know -how license, or any other rights except as specifically provided 
herein.  
10. This Agreement shall be e ffective on the date of its full execution by the Parties.  
a. This Agreement shall terminate at the end of the period of years as provided for in 
paragraph 4 above, or upon the delivery of written notice of termination by a Party 
to the other Party; however, the obligations of a receiving Party pursuant to 
Paragraph 4 shall remain in effect for the term specified therein.   
b. Notwithstanding the termination of this agreement, the supplied data must be 
maintained and protected in accordance with its provisions fo r three (3) years 
following the termination of this agreement.  At the conclusion of this 
agreement/contract for which data is exchanged, proprietary data shall be returned 
to the provider or destroyed with a certification to that effect provided to the ot her 
party, except the one (1) copy retained by legal counsel as provided in paragraph 8 
above.  
11. Except as specifically provided herein, neither Party makes any warranty, express or 
implied, oral or written, with respect to products, services, or information  supplied 
hereunder, including any warranties related to patent, trademark, or copyright 
infringements.  In no event shall either Party be liable to the other for indirect, special, 
consequential, punitive, exemplary, or incidental damages including, but n ot limited to 
damages for loss of use of facilities or equipment, loss of revenue, loss of profits or loss of 
goodwill regardless of (a) the negligence (either sole or concurrent) of either party; and (b) 
whether either party has been informed of the possi bility of such damages.  
12. <*$p$*>Each Party acknowledges that the Proprietary Information disclosed hereunder might be subject to export control, and that awareness of relevant Government regulations such as the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (IT AR), the Export Administration Regulations (EAR), etc., may be beneficial before potentially disclosing Proprietary Information to foreign nationals, businesses or governments. The receiving Party will consider obtaining the consent of the disclosing Party prior to submitting any request related to exporting Proprietary Information. The receiving Party shall endeavor to indemnify and hold the disclosing Party harmless from claims arising from failure of the receiving Party to generally be aware of this clause or the ITAR or the EAR.<*$p$*>  
13. The exclusive points of contact (POC) for the Parties with respect to the exchange of 
Proprietary Information are as follows:   
Excelerate, Inc.  Second Party  
Attention:  Michael Doubleday  Name  
Address:  1230 Slaughter Road, Suite F  
Madison, AL  35759  Address  
City, State  Zip  
Phone:  (256) 325 -4050  Phone  
Fax: (256) 325 -4052  Fax 
Email:  Inquiry@Excelerate -Inc.com  Email  
 
The parties  may change their Point of Contact (POC) by written notice to the others.  
14. <*$p$*>The parties acknowledge that the Proprietary Information may have unique qualities, and a significant breach of this agreement could potentially cause harm to the disclosing party, so the disclosing party might be entitled to some form of relief beyond monetary damages. In the event of a potential breach, the originating party might consider seeking an injunction. Both parties might consider waiving the requirement to post bond. Any such relief should be in addition to other appropriate relief. Each party will generally be responsible for its own attorney’s fees.<*$p$*>  
 
15. This Agreement contains the full and complete understanding of the Parties with respect to 
the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior representations and understandings, 
whether oral or written. This Agreement may not be modified in any manner except by 
written amendment executed by both Parties.  
16. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable, the remainder of this 
Agreement shall be enforced to the extent permitted by law.  
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have executed this Agreement in duplicate counterparts on 
the date(s) set forth below.  
 
EXCELERATE, INC.   SECOND PARTY  
   
Michael K. Doubleday   Name  
   
President & CEO   Title  
   
Date   Date  
 