Confidential  NON -DISCLOSURE  AGREEMENT  
 
BY CLICKING "I ACCEPT" AT THE END OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE 
READ THIS AGREEMENT, THAT YOU UNDERSTAND IT AND ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU HAVE 
THE ACTUAL AUTHORITY TO BIND YOUR COMPANY AND THAT YOU AND YOUR COMPANY AGREE 
TO BE BOUND LEGALLY BY IT AND ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS.  
 
THIS Non-Disclosure  Agreement (the “Agreement”) is entered into on the date as of the registration  (“Effective Date”)  by and 
between  
 
Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. , a company existing under th e laws of the Repu blic of Korea , with its place of business  at 416 
Maetan -3-Dong, Yeongtong -Gu, Suwon City, Gyeonggi -Do, Korea (“Samsung ”), on the one part ; and  
 
[ COMPANY  ], a company existing under the laws of the state/province of the above  registration for the company during 
registration with its registered office above  in the registration form  (“Company ”), on the other part . 
 
WHEREAS , the parties desire to evaluate  the feasibility of the  parties’ cooperation regarding  KNOX Partnership  (the “Purpose”).  
 
WHEREAS, each party is willing to disclose to the ot her certain aspects of its Confidential Information (as defined hereinafter) 
relevant to and solely for the Purpose, subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  
 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of these premises and for other good and valuable consideration , receipt of which is hereby 
acknowledged,  the parties hereto agree as follows:  
 
 
1. Confidential Information .  “Confidential Information” includes a ll business,  financial, contractual, marketing and/or 
technical information, in whatever form embodied, which has been or may be disclosed , or to which access is provided,  by a 
party (“Discloser”) to the other  party  to this Agreement  (“Recipient”) , which (a) if in wri ting, is marked “confidential”, 
“proprietary” or other  similar  marking  at the time of disclosure , or (b) if provided orally or visually, is identified as 
confidential at the time of disclosure and confirmed in writing  to Recipient  within 15 days of such disclosure .  
 
Recipient may disclose Discloser’s Confidential Information to Recipient’s affiliates on the condition that Recipient shall  
restrict access to Discloser’s Confidential Information to those of Recipient’s  affiliates’ officers, directors and employees who 
have a legitimate need -to-know to carry out the Purpose and who are obligated to protect such Confidential Information 
pursuant to terms and conditions no less protective of Discloser than those contained in this Agreement and Recipient  shall be 
liable for any failure of its affiliates to abide by the provisions of this Agreement as if such failure was the act or omiss ion of 
such party.  
 
For the purposes of this Agreement, “affiliate ” means an entity that , as of Effective Date , directly or indirectly, controls or is 
under common control with a party to this Agreement, but only for so long as such control exists , and where  “control” shall 
mean ownership of more than 50% of the stock or other equity interests entitled to vote for the election of directors or  an 
equivalent governing body.  
 
2. Nondisclosure and Nonuse Obligations .  <*$p$*>Each of the parties, as Recipient, hereby agrees to receive and hold Confidential Information, and to endeavor to protect and safeguard Confidential Information against unauthorized use or disclosure using what it perceives to be reasonable care.<*$p$*> Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each party, as Recipient , further 
promise s and agree s: 
 
(a) not to, directly or indirectly, in any way, disclose, make accessible, reveal, report, pub lish, disseminate or transfer any 
Confidential Inf ormation to any third party;  
(b) not to use any Confidential Information in any manner whatsoever,  except  in furtherance of the Purpose in acc ordance 
with this Agreement;  and 
(c) to restrict access to Confi dential Information to those of its  officers, directors  and employees who have a legitimate need -
to-know  to carry out the Purpose and who are obligated to protect such Confidential Information pursuant to terms and 
conditions no less protective of Disclose r than those contained in this Agreement ; and  
(d) not to reproduce or copy Confidential Information  except to the extent necessary to further the Purpose . 
 
Confidential  Furthermore, the existence of any business negotiati ons, discussions  or agreements in progress between the parties shall be 
kept confidential and shall not be disclosed without written approval of all the parties . <*$p$*>For the purposes of this Agreement, Company should generally avoid disclosing Confidential Information to divisions, departments, groups, or units other than the Samsung KNOX Business and Technology Division, unless deemed necessary.<*$p$*> 
 
3. Exclusions from Obligations .  Confidential Information does not include, and t he obligations under  Section  2 shall not  apply 
to, information that such Recipient can  evidence : (a) is, or later becomes, publicly  available through no act or default  of 
Recipient; (b) is rightfully  in its possession prior to disclosure to Recipient by Discloser ; (c) is received in good faith by 
Recipient from a third party , free of any ob ligation of confidentiality ; (d) was communicated by such Discloser to an 
unaffiliated third party on an unrestricted basis ; or (e) is independently developed without use of Discloser’s Confidential 
Information . 
 
A disclosure by Recipient of Confidential I nformation of another party in response to a valid order by a court or governmental 
body or as otherwise required by law shall not be considered to be a breach of this Agreement or a waiver of confidentiality for 
other purposes; provided, however, such Recipient shall provide prompt prior written notice thereof to Discloser and permit 
such Discloser to seek measures to maintain the confidentiality of its Confidential Information . 
 
4. Ownership and Return of Confidential Information .  Confidential Information disclosed by Discloser shall remain the 
property of  such Discloser, and no license or other rights to such Discloser ’s Confidential Information is granted or implied 
hereby. Recipient shall reproduce the symbols, legends or other p roprietary notices affixed to Confidential Information, and 
shall not, nor permit any third party to, remove, add or modify the same . 
 
Recipient shall, upon termination of this Agreement, or upon written request of Discloser, whichever is earlier, immediately, 
but not later than 10 days after any notice thereof by Discloser, return (or destroy at Discloser’s option) all copies of such 
Discloser’s Confidential Information and certify in writing its compliance with this requirement, except that Recipient may 
retain a copy of such Confidential Information solely for archival purpose . 
 
5. No Reverse Engineering .  No party, as Recipient, will decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or attempt to reconst ruct, 
identify or discover any source code, underlying ideas, techniques or algorithms in Confidential Information by any means 
whatever, except as may be specifically authorized in advance by Discloser in writing.  
 
6. No Warranty .  Confidential Information is provided “AS IS” and “AS A VAILABLE” without any warranty, express, implied 
or otherwise, regarding such Confidential Information. Nothing herein shall be construed as a commitment by any party to 
disclose any Confidential Inform ation, to commence or continue negotiations or to enter into a ny contract or business 
relationship.  Neither this Agreement, nor the disclosure or receipt of Confidential Information, shall constitute or imply any 
promise or intention by any of the parties or their affiliates to develop, make, purchase or sell any present or future products or 
services. Any commitment to do or promise any of the foregoing must be in a separate writing signed by an authorized 
representative of each party.  If any such agreemen t contains warranty provisions, those provisions shall prevail over the 
corresponding provisions in this Agreement. Each party shall bear its own fees, costs and expenses incurred in carrying out, or 
otherwise in relation to, this Agreement.  
 
7. Independen t Development .  This Agreement shall not preclude or limit the independent development by or on behalf of any 
party of any products or systems involving technology or information of a similar nature to that disclosed hereunder or which 
compete with products or systems contemplated by such i nformation, provided that it is done without  use of or reliance upon 
the other party’s Confidential Information . 
 
8. Term  and Termination .  This Agreement shall be effective from the Effective Date until 24 months thereafter. Either party 
may terminate this Agreement for any or no reason upon 10 days written notice to the other party. However, any termination of  
this Agreement shall not relieve Recipient of its confidentiality and use obligations with respec t to Confidential Information 
disclosed prior to the date of such termination. Except for the right to use Confidential Information for the Purpose, which right 
terminates when this Agreement terminates, Recipient’s duty to protect Discloser’s Confidential  Information expires 5 years 
from the date on which that Confidential Information was disclosed to Recipient. Sections 4, 5, 7, 8, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15 and 
16 shall survive any termination of this Agreement.  
 
9. Contacts .  All notices, documentation and communications shall be in English and sent by personal delivery, pre -paid 
registered mail, overnight courier or facsimile transmission, to the relevant address  set out below and shall be deemed to have 
been given on  the date of receipt.  
 
   As record of this registration in the registration system.  
Confidential  10. Export .  <*$p$*>Each party shall endeavor to comply with US and other export laws, regulations and rules, and will consider obtaining government licenses, approvals, or waivers for the export or re-export of Confidential Information.<*$p$*> 
 
11. Remedies .  <*$p$*>Each party acknowledges that any substantial disclosure, use or misappropriation of Confidential Information of another party in violation of this Agreement might cause such party harm. Accordingly, each party agrees that such other party may consider applying to a court for injunctive relief and specific performance.<*$p$*>  
 
12. Assignment .  No party shall be entitled to assign, transfer or convey this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations 
hereunder, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of  the other party, and a ny 
attempt to do so without such consent shall be void.  
 
13. No Waiver .  No claim, right or remedy of a party under this Agreement shall be deemed to be waived in whole or in part 
unless such waiver is in writing and signed. No relaxation, forbearance, delay or indulgence by a party in enforcing any of the 
provisions of this Agreement shall prejudice, affect or r estrict the rights of that party under this Agreement, nor shall any 
waiver by a party of a violation of this Agreement operate as a waiver of any subsequent or continuing violation.  
 
14. Severability .  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be ille gal, invalid or unenforceable, (i) that provision shall be 
deemed amended to achieve as nearly as possible the same economic effect as the original provision, and (ii) the legality, 
validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or impaired thereby.  
 
15. Law and Jurisdiction .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of 
Korea (excluding conflict of laws provisions which may direct the application of another  jurisdiction’s laws). All disputes, 
controversies or claims between the parties arising out of or in connection with this Agreement (including its existence, 
validity or termination) shall be finally resolved by arbitration to be held in Seoul, Korea  and conducted in English  under the 
Rules of Arbitration of the Intern ational Chamber of Commerce ; provided, however, that each party may enforce its or its 
affiliates’ intellectual property rights in any court of competent jurisdiction, including but not limit ed to equitable relief . The 
arbitral award shall be final and binding on the parties.  Except to the extent entry of judgment and any subsequent enforcement 
may require disclosure, all matters relating to the arbitration, including the award, shall be held in confidence.  
 
16. Entire Agreement .  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof 
and may not be amended or modified except in writing signed by each of the parties to this Agreement.  The English language 
text of this Agreement shall prevail over any translations thereof.  If a contract is entered into by the parties in respect of the 
Purpose, this Agreement shall be deemed incorporated into such contract  in addition to any  confidential ity obligations set forth 
in such contract, if any , and  the term of this Agreement is deemed to be extended (but not shorted) to be the same as that of the 
contract . 
 
17. Electronic Signature.   The parties may execute this Agreement in counterparts, each o f which is deemed an original, but all of 
which together constitute one and the same agreement.  This Agreement may be delivered by electronic mail communications 
in pdf format, and pdf copies of executed signature pages shall be binding as originals.  Each party to this Agreement agrees 
to use electronic signatures; and be subject to the provisions of the U.S. E -SIGN Act (i.e., the Electronic Signatures 
in Global and National Commerce Act (ESIGN, Pub.L. 106 -229, 14 Stat. 464, enacted June 30, 2000, 15 U .S.C. ch.
96). 
 
 
Per registration above from the person legally responsible to sign on behalf of their company 
accepts the contract above and is bound by and warrants the acceptance of the terms of this 
contract.  
 
 