V1.2 
COMMERCIAL IN CONFIDENCE (WHEN COMPLETE)  
 
1 
COMMERCIAL IN CONFIDENC E (WHEN COMPLETE)  
 UNIVERSITY DEFENCE RESEARCH CENTRE FOR SIGNAL PROCESSING  
 
NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
THIS AGREEMENT  is made on the             day of                     2011  
 
BETWEEN:  
 
(1) ………………………………….  
 whose registered office is at ……………………………………………………..  
(hereinafter  referred to as “The Company” ) of one part; and                                
 
(2) …………………………………  
whose address is at…………………………………………………………………  
(hereinafter  referred to as "The University" ) of another part;  
 
(3) THE SECRETARY OF STATE FOR DEFENCE  acting thr ough the Defence Science 
and Technology Laboratory of Porton Down, Salisbury, Wiltshire SP4 0JQ, England 
(hereinafter referred to as " Dstl");  
 
(collectively the "Parties"  or in the singular a "Party" ). 
 
WHEREAS:  
 
A. The University  is working with Dstl as part of the University Defence Research 
Centre (UDRC) on signal processing and both possess valuable technical information in the 
field of signal processing.  
 
B. The Company possesses valuable technical and commercial information relating to 
signal process ing.  
 
C. The Parties  desire to discuss and mutually assess and evaluate their valuable 
technical and commercial information with a view to investigating whether there is a synergy 
between the Parties’ technical capabilities which might benefit from mutual  exploitation ("the 
Purpose "). 
 
D. In order for the Parties  to carry out said discussion, assessment and evaluation it is 
necessary for them to exchange valuable technical and commercial information which they 
each desire to protect.  
 
NOW IT IS HEREBY AGRE ED BETWEEN THE PARTIES as follows:  
 
1. As used in this Agreement the term "Proprietary Information"  shall mean any 
information, whether in writing or other documentary form, in oral or visual or machine 
readable form, or in the form of algorithms, samples or models, disclosed by one Party (the 
"Disclosing Party" ) to another Party (the "Receiving Party")  under this Agreement, 
provided that:  
 
(a) where such information is in writing or other documentary form, it is clearly 
and conspicuously marked at the time  of disclosure as proprietary or commercially 
sensitive (for example with a marking such as "Proprietary" or "Commercial -in-
Confidence").; or  
V1.2 
COMMERCIAL IN CONFIDENCE (WHEN COMPLETE)  
 
2 
COMMERCIAL IN CONFIDENC E (WHEN COMPLETE)  
  
(b) where such information is disclosed in oral or visual or machine readable 
form, or in the form of samples or models, it is designated proprietary or commercially 
sensitive at the time of disclosure and is confirmed by the Disclosing Party as such in 
documentary form within thirty (30) days from its being disclosed, in which event all 
the protections and restricti ons in this Agreement as to the use and disclosure of said 
Proprietary information shall apply retrospectively during the said period of thirty days.  
 
Proprietary Information shall also include any information which can be obtained by 
examination, testing or analysis of any hardware, software or material samples provided by 
the Disclosing Party, notwithstanding that the requirements for marking and designation 
referred to above shall not have been fulfilled.  
 
2.   <*$p$*>Subject to the provisions of Clauses 4 and 7 hereof, the Receiving Party undertakes: (a) to endeavor to keep confidential and not disclose to any third party, except when it feels it is reasonably necessary to do so, any part, or the whole, of any Proprietary Information disclosed to it under this Agreem ent;<*$p$*> 
 
(b)   not to copy Proprietary Information disclosed to it under this Agreement 
except as is reasonably necessary for the Purpose;  
 
(c)  not to use Proprietary Information disclosed to it under this Agreement other 
than for the Purpose, except with th e prior written permission of the Disclosing Party;  
 
(d)  to restrict access to the Proprietary Information disclosed to it under the terms 
of this Agreement to those of its employees and officers who need to know the same 
for the Purpose.  
 
3.   The protec tions and restrictions in this Agreement as to the use and disclosure of 
Proprietary Information shall not apply to any information which the Receiving Party can 
show by written and dated or datable material:  
 
(a)   is, at the time of disclosure hereunder,  already published or otherwise publicly 
available; or  
 
(b)   is, after disclosure hereunder, published or becomes available to the public 
other than by breach of this Agreement; or  
 
(c)   is rightfully in the Receiving Party's possession with rights to us e and/or 
disclose, prior to receipt from the Disclosing Party; or  
 
(d)   is rightfully disclosed to the Receiving Party by a third party with rights to use 
and/or disclose; or  
 
(e)   is independently developed by or for the Receiving Party without referenc e or 
access to Proprietary Information disclosed hereunder; or  
 
(f) is the subject of a requirement of a court proceeding requirement on the 
Receiving Party for disclosure, in which event the Receiving Party shall give prompt 
notice thereof to the Disclosi ng Party  to the extent permissible by law..  
 
V1.2 
COMMERCIAL IN CONFIDENCE (WHEN COMPLETE)  
 
3 
COMMERCIAL IN CONFIDENC E (WHEN COMPLETE)  
 4. Neither Dstl nor The University  shall be in breach of this Agreement where it can 
show that any disclosure of information is made solely and to the extent necessary to comply 
with the Freedom of Information Act 2000 or the Environmental Information Regulations 
2004.  Where Dstl or The University is required to make a disclosure of Proprietary 
Information of a Disclosing Party under the Act or the Regulations it shall, to the extent 
permitted by the time for c ompliance under the Act or the Regulations, give the Disclosing 
Party the opportunity to make representations concerning disclosure.  The Disclosing Party, 
however, acknowledges and accepts that its representations may not be determinative and 
that the dec ision whether to disclose the Proprietary Information at issue, in order to comply 
with the Act or the Regulations, is a matter in which Dstl or The University shall exercise its 
own discretion, subject always to the provisions of the Act or the Regulation s and based 
upon the principle to limit said disclosure to only the requested and required information 
under the Act or the Regulations.  Dstl or The University shall in any event provide prior 
notification to the Disclosing Party of any decision to disclo se any of its Proprietary 
Information.  
  
5.   Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as:  
 
(a) conferring upon the Receiving Party any right of use in or title to Proprietary 
Information received by it from the Disclosing Party, other than as expressly provided 
herein or as conferred in writing upon the Receiving Party by the Disclosing Party 
subsequent to the date of this Agreement;  or  
 
(b) constituting a warranty as to the accuracy of the Proprietary Information or the 
suitability thereof for  any purpose whatsoever;  or  
 
(c) diminishing the rights any Party has under Statute;  or  
 
(d) implying that a further contractual arrangement will be concluded between the 
Parties;  or  
 
(e) overriding or prejudicing any Government security classification or export 
control regulation applicable to any part of the Proprietary Information;  or  
 
(f) requiring any Party to disclose to any other any particular Proprietary 
Information.  
 
6.   <*$p$*>All Proprietary Information disclosed hereunder, and any copies thereof made by a Receiving Party, are generally considered the Disclosing Party's property and should, where feasible, be returned by the Receiving Party to the Disclosing Party upon request.<*$p$*>  
 
7.   This Agreement shall remai n in force for a period of two (2) years following the date 
first above written after which it will terminate unless renewed by mutual consent in writing or 
to the extent that it is superseded by another agreement or contract between the Parties.  
The obli gations and restrictions relating to the disclosure and  use of Proprietary Information 
shall however survive the termination of this Agreement for a period of seven (7) years.  
 
8.   This Agreement constitutes the entire existing Agreement between the Parti es 
concerning the exchange of Proprietary Information for the Purpose. The Agreement shall 
not be amended except by written agreement signed by authorised representatives of all 
Parties.  
 
V1.2 
COMMERCIAL IN CONFIDENCE (WHEN COMPLETE)  
 
4 
COMMERCIAL IN CONFIDENC E (WHEN COMPLETE)  
 9.   No Party  shall, without the express consent in writing of the o ther Parties, assign or in 
any manner transfer its interests in, or obligations under, this Agreement or any part thereof.  
 
10. A person who is not a party to this Agreement shall have no right under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enf orce any term of this Agreement.  This clause does 
not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available otherwise than 
pursuant to that Act.  
 
11.  This Agreement shall be construed and governed in accordance with the laws of 
England an d the Parties hereby submit to the jurisdiction of the English courts.  
 
12. <*$p$*>The Parties should consider attempting to solve any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement by means of alternative dispute resolution. The Parties may define the type and the rules for the implementation of such alternative resolution. If the dispute remains unsolved, it may be settled under the rules of Arbitration of the London Court of International Arbitration.<*$p$*> The place of arbitratio n 
shall be London (UK). The language of arbitration shall be the English Language.  
 
The Parties hereby agree to exclude the right of appeal to the High Court under 
section 69 of the Arbitration Act 1996 and the right for an application to be made to 
the Hi gh Court under the corresponding section of the Act.  
 
Each Party recognises and acknowledges that in the event of any actual or 
threatened breach of this Agreement it shall have the right to apply for injunctive relief 
or other appropriate orders before an y competent court to restrain the other as a 
remedy for any such breach.  
 
 
 
Signed for and on behalf of [THE COMPANY]   
 
 
By: ..............................................             Date: ...................................………..  
Name:  Title:     
          
 
Signed for and on behalf of [THE UNIVERSITY]  
 
 
By: ..............................................             Date: ...................................………..  
Name:  Title:     
          
Signed on behalf of THE SECRETARY OF STATE FOR DEFENCE  
 
 
By: ...... .......................................              Date: ...............................................  
Name:   Title:  