Instructions  for Executing  ARIN's Non-Disclosure  Agreement  
 
The ARIN Non-Disclosure Agreement (presented on the following pages) is provided for use by organizations 
interested in protecting any information  sent to ARIN that may be considered to be company proprietary. Please 
read the following instructions before executing the Agreement. 
 
1.   Execute  the Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA) . 
2.   S ubm i t  t he s i gned NDA  by  ei t her:  
a. Mail the NDA, along with an en closed self-addressed and stamped envelope, to 
the American Registry for Internet Numbers at the address provided in Se ction 
(3) of the Ag reement; 
b. E-mail a scanned, electronic copy of the NDA to billing@arin.net  with the 
applicable ARIN ticket number identified in the subject line;  
c. Attaching a scanned, electronic copy of the NDA to the applicable ticket 
through ARIN Online; or  
d. Sending a fax of the NDA to  (703) 997 -8708.  
3.   ARIN  will sign the NDA  and return a copy to you for your records.  
 
Page 1 of 2  AMERICAN REGISTRY  FOR INTERNET N UMBERS  (ARIN) 
NON -DISCLOSURE  AGREEMENT  
 
This is an Agreement between the American Registry for Internet Numbers (hereinafter referred to as ARIN) and 
    (hereinafter referred to as Applicant). It is recognized that it may 
be desirable for the Applicant to provide ARIN with specific proprietary information  for the purpose of AR IN's 
allocation of IP address space. With respect to such information  the parties agree as follows: 
 
(1) "Proprietary Information"  shall be defined as and limited to, (a) network engineering plans, including subnets, 
and host counts, and hosts per subnet with projected utilization rates and associated confidence levels of those 
projections  for one and two years in the future; (b) deployment schedules for the network, including major 
milestones  for each subnet; (c) network topology diagrams originated by the Applicant, not previously published 
or otherwise disclosed to the general public, not previously available without restriction to ARIN or others, and not 
normally furnished to others without compensation; and (d) such other information  which the Applicant desires to 
protect against unrestricted disclosure or competitive use, and which the parties mutually agree shall be furnished 
pursuant to this Non-Disclosure Agreement and which is app ropriately identified as being proprietary when initially 
furnished to ARIN. 
 
(2) In order for Proprietary Information disclosed by the Applicant to ARIN to be protected in accordance with this 
Non-Disclosure Agreement, it must be: (a) in writing; (b) clearly identified as Proprietary Information  at the  time of 
its disclosure by each page thereof being marked with an appropriate legend, in bold faced print, indicating that 
the information  is deemed proprietary by the Applicant; and (c) delivered by electronic mail, ARIN Online ticket,  
postal or courier service, or facsimile to the individual designated in Paragraph 3 below, or his designee. 
 
Where the Proprietary Information  has not been or cannot be reduced to written form at  the time of disclosure and 
such disclosure is made orally and with prior assertion of proprietary rights therein, such orally disclosed 
proprietary information  shall only be protected in accordance with this Non-Disclosure Agreement provided that 
complete  written summaries of all  proprietary aspects of any such oral disclosures shall have been delivered by 
Applicant to the individual identified in Paragraph 3 below, within 20 calendar days of said oral disclosures. The 
Applicant shall not identify information as proprietary which is not in good faith believed to be confidential, 
privileged, a trade secret, or otherwise entitled to such markings or proprietary claims. 
 
(3) In order for the Applicant's Proprietary Information  to be protected as described herein, the Proprietary 
Information  must be delivered in written form as  discussed in Paragraph 2 above to: 
 
American Registry for Internet Numbers 
Attn: Business Office 
PO Box 232290  
Centreville, VA 20120 USA  
 
<*$p$*>(4) ARIN covenants and agrees that it will endeavor to prevent the disclosure to any person or persons outside its organization or to any unauthorized person or persons specifically identified by Applicant in writing, any and all Proprietary Information which is received from the Applicant under this Non-Disclosure Agreement and which has been protected in accordance with paragraphs 2 and 3 hereof; provided, however, that ARIN shall not be liable for disclosure of such information if any or all of such information: A. Was in the public domain at the time it was disclosed, or B. Becomes part of the public domain without breach of this Agreement, or C. Is disclosed with the written approval of the Applicant, or D. Is disclosed after three years from ARIN's receipt of the information, or E. Was independently developed by ARIN, or F. Is or was disclosed by the Applicant to a third party without restriction, or G. Is disclosed pursuant to the provisions of a court order. As between the parties hereto, the provisions of this Paragraph 4 shall supersede the provisions of any inconsistent legend that may be affixed to said data by the Applicant, and the inconsistent provisions of any such legend shall be without any force or effect.<*$p$*> 
 
Page 2 of 2  <*$p$*>Any Protected Information provided by the Applicant to ARIN may be used in furtherance of the purposes described in this Agreement, and should be, upon reasonable written request, returned to the Applicant. ARIN may discard or destroy any protected information approximately three years after receiving it, provided Applicant has not requested ARIN to return the information before that time.<*$p$*> 
 
(5) The standa rd of care for protecting Proprietary Information  imposed on ARIN wi ll be th at degree of care ARIN 
uses to prevent disclosure, publication or dissemination of its own Proprietary Information.  
 
(6) This Non-Disclosure Agreement contains the entire agreement relative to the protection of information  to be 
provided to AR IN by the Applicant, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written understandings or 
arguments regarding this issue. This Non-Disclosure Agreement shall not be modified or amended,  except in a 
written instrument executed by the parties. 
 
(7) The effective date of this Non-Disclosure Agreement shall be the date upon which the last signatory below 
executes this Agreement. 
 
<*$p$*>(8) This Non-Disclosure Agreement shall be interpreted with consideration of general legal principles, potentially including the laws of the State of Virginia, without strict adherence to Virginia's choice of law rules.<*$p$*> 
 
(9) This Non-Disclosure Agreement may not be assigned or otherwise transferred by either party in wh ole or in 
part without the express prior written consent of the  other party, which consent shall not unreasonably be 
withheld. This consent requirement shall not apply in the event either party shall change  its corporate name or 
merge with another corporation. This Non-Disclosure Agreement shall benefit and be binding upon the 
successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 
(10) Under no circumstances, including negligence, shall ARIN be liable for any indirect, incidental, consequential, 
punitive or special damages  for any breach of this ag reement, even if ARIN has been advised of the  possibility of 
such damages. 
 
THE AMERICAN REGISTRY FOR INTERNET NUMBERS (ARIN) 
 
Name:          
 
Signed:           Date:      
 
Title:          
 
Address: PO Box 232290 , Centreville, VA 20120 USA  
Fax: (703) 997-8708  
 
APPLICANT 
 
Company Name:         Org-ID (if known):     
 
Authorized Signer  (print) :     Ticket No.  (if applicable):     
 
Signed:           Date:      
 
Title:             E-Mail:      
 
Address:         Phone:      Fax:    
 
           
 