MUTUAL NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
  
Confidential Document  Design 1st Inc.  1  
This Agreement is between                                                                                                                   (Party One) 
having  a principal place of business at   
 
 
and Design 1st  Inc. (Party Two ), having  its principal place of business at 314 Athlone Ave., Ottawa, Ontario 
Canada K1Z 5M4 .  
 
1. Purpose .  The purpose of this Agreement is to protect the Confidential Information of the parties, as defined below, which is 
being disclosed for the purpose of a business relationship between the parties.   Party One  and P a r t y  T w o  include  its 
family members, associates, employees, agents, or any other such person or persons individually as well as collectively.  
 
2. Definition .  "Confidential Information" includes, but is not limited to prototypes,  trade secrets, intellectual property, 
information, technical data, research, products, software , services, development, macros, source code, unreleased 
software, inventions, ideas, processes, designs, drawings, engineering, marketing , markets , customer information, business 
plans, business policies or practices, forecasts or financial information, team process, design process, part supply, pricing, 
development process and procedures , disclosed by Party One  and Par t y  T w o  under this Agreement which at the time of 
disclosure is designated as confidential (or like designation), is disclosed in circumstances of confidence, or would be 
understood by the parties, exercising reasonable business judgment , to be confidentia l.  Confidential Information shall 
include, but not be limited to, all materials marked "Confidential Information".   The confidential business information which is 
to be provided by Party One  to P a r t y  T w o  is the sole property of Party One , including but not limited to; financial 
information, printed material, marketing brochures and literature, photographs, videos, plans, methods, policies and 
strategies; insofar as the same are and remain confidential business information of Party One  not generally known or 
available to the public.  
 
3. Disclosure . All disclosures of Confidential Information (whether written or oral) by Party One  and P a r t y  T w o   shall (a) 
remain in confidence for a period of three  (3) years from the date of disclosure , except that any trade secrets or information 
with respect to Party One   products or research and development will remain in confidence in perpetuity; (b) be disclosed 
only to employees of P a r t y  T w o  who have executed written confidentiality agreements wit h the employer; and (c) be 
reproduced or used by P a r t y  T w o   only to the extent necessary to fulfill it’s obligations hereunder.  Party One  and P a r t y  
Two shall protect shared Confidential Information with the same degree of care as it normally exercises to protect its own 
confidential information of similar nature, but at a minimum with a reasonable degree of care to prevent its unauthorized 
use, dissemination or publication.  <*$p$*>Each party may disclose Confidential Information of the other party if they believe they are required to do so by law pursuant to any legal, judicial or administrative proceeding, provided they provide what they consider to be appropriate notice to the other party.<*$p$*>  Party 
One and P a r t y  T w o  pledges and agrees that it shall keep totally confidential any and all of the said information and other 
such matters arising hereto, and shall not disclose to any other person or persons, corporation, agent or consultant with 
whom  it is or may be associated with, any such confidential information without express permission being given in writing by 
an authorized officer of other Party . 
 
4. Use.     Party One  and P a r t y  T w o  each agrees  not to use the other party's Confidential Information for its own use or for 
any purpose except for the purpose described in Section 1.   Party One  and P a r t y  T w o  each agrees  not to disclose the 
confidential  information to  others, without  the express written permission of the other party . 
 
5. Future Development.    P a r t y  T w o  shall not directly or indirectly acquire any interest in, or design, create, manufacture, sell 
or otherwise deal with any item or product, based upon or derived from the  Confidential Information  provided by  Party One  
, except as may be expressly agreed to in writing by Party One  .   
 
6. Property Rights, Return of Materials .  All materials, including Confidential Information disclosed by  Party One  and 
P a r t y  T w o  under  this Agreement shall remain the property of the disclosing party.  Each party shall, upon the completion of 
the purpose of this Agreement or request by the other party, return all materials received or obtained under this Agreement, 
including Confidential  Information, and all copies and all documents containing any portion of any Confidential Information.  
 
7. Disclosure Required by Law .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in paragraphs 3 and 4 hereof, the 
Confidential Information may be disclo sed to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to comply with any law, regulation, 
or order of court, provided that each party shall give the other party reasonable advance notice of any such proposed 
disclosure, shall use its reasonable best efforts to secure an agreement in writing to be bound by the provisions of 
paragraphs 3 and 4 of this Agreement from any person obtaining access to the Confidential Information pursuant to this 
paragraph 7, and shall advise the other party in writing of the manner  of such disclosure.  
  
  
MUTUAL NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
  
Confidential Document  Design 1st Inc.  2 8. Information Not Confidential.   Information shall be deemed not to be confidential if such information is or becomes 
publicly known through no wrongful act of the receiving party, or is already known by the receiving party as evidenced by 
competent proof thereof, or is approved for rel ease by the prior written approval of the disclosing party, or is rightfully 
received by the receiving party from a third party without restriction and without breach of this agreement, or is disclosed by 
the disclosing party to a third party without a sim ilar restriction on the rights of such third party, or is independently 
developed by the receiving party without the use of the Confidential Information.  
 
9. Non-solicitation:   <*$p$*>Each party agrees that, for a reasonable period following the date of this Agreement, it will generally refrain from directly targeting key personnel of the other party for employment or consulting arrangements related to the specific purpose of the evaluation.<*$p$*>  The term “solicit to employ or enter into a consulting arrangement with” shall not be 
deemed to include generalized searches by Party One  for employees or consultants through media advertisements, 
emplo yment firms or otherwise, that are not focused on persons employed by or who consult for P a r t y  T w o . 
 
10. Remedies .  Party One  and P a r t y  T w o  each acknowledge  that compliance with the provisions of this Agreement is 
necessary to protec t their proprietary interes ts. Each party further acknowledges that any unauthorized use or disclosure to 
any person or entity in breach of this Agreement will result in irreparable and continuing damage, and that each party shall 
be authorized and entitled to obtain immediate injun ctive relief and any other rights or remedies to which it may be entitled.  
If either party violates any of the above agreements, it acknowledges that money damages will be an inadequate remedy 
and that the violated party will be entitled to specific perfo rmance or to injunctive relief to prohibit the violating party from 
continuing to violate this agreement even if no money damages can be proven.  
 
11. Right to Disclose .  Each party represents and warrants that it has the right to disclose any information provided to the other 
party in furtherance of the purpose described in Section 1, without violating any agreement with or right of any other person  
or company.  Confidential Information disclosed by a party hereunder may include Confidential Information of  a third party, 
provided that the third party has authorized such disclosure, and in such event this Agreement shall apply equally to such 
Confidential Information and shall inure to the benefit of such third party.  
  
12. No License or Business Relationship.   Nothing in this Agreement shall be construe d to as a granting to a party a license 
under any patent, copyright, trade secret or other intellectual property right now or hereinafter obtained by the other party .  
Further nothing in this Agreement implies a p artnership, joint venture or other commercial relationship between the parties, 
an authorization by for either party to act as agent for the other or an agreement or commitment by either party to purchase,  
acquire, develop or use the products or services o f the other party.  
 
13. Jurisdiction.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Ontario and the laws of 
Canada applicable therein.  Each party hereby attorn s to the jurisdiction of Ontario.  
 
14. Miscellaneous .  Failure to en force any provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of any term hereof.  This 
Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties, and supersedes any and all prior understandings, oral or written, 
with respect to the subject matter hereo f.  This Agreement is binding upon and for the benefit of the parties, their successors 
and assigns, provided that the right to Confidential Information may not be assigned without the written consent of the 
respective party.  
 
15. Term .  This agreement shall r emain in effect for a period of Three (3) Years or the life of any Agreements, Contracts or 
Commercial Arrangements which may arise from the joint efforts of the parties hereto, whichever shall be longer.  
 
 
PARTY TWO       PARTY ONE       
        
 
 
Name   Ian Kayser      Name    
         
 
Title Director,  Operations     Title  
 
 
 
 
 
Signature       Signature  
 
 
Date :       Date:                                                          
 