Non-Disclosure Agreement 
Background
MariAl Associates Ltd  are conscious of the sensitive nature of texts supplied to us for 
translation.
We have confidentiality agreements in place with our translators and would be happy to 
provide a blanket agreement or sign a specific agreement before commencing any work. Please 
note that any confidential information is destroyed once the matter has completed unless 
reasonably required.
Non-Disclosure Agreement
to:
hereinafter referred to as ("the Client").
By
MariAl Associates Ltd, 36 Gallon Close, Greenwich, London, SE7 8SY  hereinafter referred to as 
("the Company").
In this agreement:
Confidential Information means any information disclosed (whether actual or potential, 
whether before or after the date of this Agreement, whether in writing, in electronic format, 
verbally or by any other means and whether directly or indirectly) by or on behalf of the Client 
to the Company, which relates to the Services including but not exclusively information about  
venues, prints, contractors, customers, data, employees, sponsors, suppliers, policies, prices, 
discounts, business development, financial plans, marketing development, manpower plans, 
methods, services, ideas, projects, rights, products, project development and all other 
information which might cause considerable harm to the Client and/or to the Client’s business 
were it to be available and/or used by any third party;
Services means the provision of translation and other language services.
1.The Company acknowledges that all Confidential Information  made available or 
disclosed to it by the Client shall remain the exclusive property of the Client and 
recognises that such documentation is confidential and proprietary to the Client and 
shall be treated as such and shall not be disclosed to a third party, save as provided in 
Clause 3 hereunder or as required by any applicable laws, without the prior written 
consent of the Client. The Company undertakes to return all such documentation at the 
request of the Client and, in any event, upon conclusion of the Company's need thereof.
<*$p$*>The Company may retain copies of Confidential Information as it deems reasonably helpful in completing the provision of the Services.<*$p$*> <*$p$*>Any Confidential Information shall at all times be stored in a manner the Company deems reasonably secure, and the Company shall endeavor to take precautions to prevent unauthorized disclosure.<*$p$*> Employee’s and agents of the Company shall only be given 
access to the Confidential Information in order to proceed with the Services.
2.<*$p$*>The Company undertakes to generally regard Confidential Information not in the public domain that it may become aware of as a result of providing the Services to the Client and its associates as confidential, but the precise handling of said information remains at the company's discretion.<*$p$*>  The 
Company further undertakes that such Information shall not be disclosed to a third 
party, save as provided in Clause 4 below, without the prior written consent of the 
Client.
3.The Company hereby discloses that it may subcontract all or part of the Services 
provided to the Client. <*$p$*>In such event the Company will consider the terms of this Agreement when engaging Subcontractors, to whom disclosure of the Information is made.<*$p$*> Any third
party to whom Confidential Information is provided shall be informed of the confidential
nature of the information disclosed. 
4.The parties agree that information is not to be regarded as Confidential Information and
that the Company will have no obligation with respect to any information which the 
Company can demonstrate:
4.1is publicly available at the time of disclosure;
4.2is or becomes known to the public through no wrongful act of the Company; 
4.3is used or disclosed with the prior written authorisation of the Client; or
4.4is disclosed by the Company in compliance with a legal requirement of a 
government agency or otherwise where disclosure is required by operation of 
law.
5.This agreement shall come into effect on the date of this Agreement and shall continue 
in full force and effect indefinitely or until replaced by a further agreement between the
parties.
6.General
6.1No changes to this Agreement are effective unless signed by both parties.
6.2The Company acknowledges that damages may not adequately compensate for a
breach of this Agreement, and that the Client may also seek such other 
remedies, including injunctions, as it desires.
6.3This Agreement is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with English
law, and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
6.4The parties to this Agreement confirm that no terms of this agreement are 
enforceable under the Contract (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 by a person 
who is not a party to this agreement.
Signed for and on behalf of MariAl Associates 
Ltd
                                                                                Signed for and on behalf of ‘ Client’
                                                                                 
On this                          day of                                              20     