CWF0 001 
 
 
Mutual Non -Disclosure Agreement C.W. Fletcher & Sons Ltd   
This Non -Disclosure Agreement (hereinafter called the 
“Agreement”) is made on  Date of signing (hereinafter the “Effective 
Date”) by and between:  
 
CW Fletc her & Sons Ltd  
Sterling Works  
Mansfield Road  
Wales Bar  
Sheffield  
S26 5PQ  
 
(Hereinafter referred to as “C.W. Fletcher”)  
Represented by  Name and Title.  
 
 
and  
 
Name of Company  
Street Name  
Name of City  
Postcode  
 
(Hereinafter referred to as “Company Name” ) 
Represented by  Name  and Title.  
 
Each referred to as a “Party” collectively as “Parties”.  
 
CWF and Company  wish to explore the possibilities of a business transaction or relationship between 
them relating to “PLEASE WRITE HERE THE TOPIC (S) TO BE COVERED BY THIS NDA ” (hereinafter  the 
“Purpose”). This may require the Pa rties to exchange Confidential Information. Such disclosure of any 
Confidential Information is made only for use in connection with the Purpose and only on the terms 
of this Agreement. Each Party acknowledges that the other Party enters into the Agreement for the 
benefit of itself and each Affiliate. Any disclosure of Confidential I nformation by a Party’s 
Representative shall be deemed to be a disclosure by such Party for the purposes of this Agreement.  
Accordingly, in consideration of the disclosure of Confidential information by each Party to the other 
Party and the mutual promises of the Parties set forth in this Agreement, the Parties agree as set forth 
below.  
DEFINITIONS  
“Confidential Information” m eans all confidential and proprietary information disclosed to or 
obtained by the Receiving Party or its Representatives from the Disclosing Party or its Representatives, 
including without limitation, information relating to: proprietary technology, produc ts, proprietary 
plans, services, computer programs and processes; data and source code; any inventions and 
associated information, manuals, plans, drawings, blueprints or schematics; information relating to 

CWF0 001 
 
 
Mutual Non -Disclosure Agreement C.W. Fletcher & Sons Ltd  employees and customers of the Disclosing Party; promotional and marketing information and 
opportunities; financial information; trade secrets; any and all information that a Receiving Party may 
obtain on a walk -through examination of the Disclosing Party’s and/or its clients’ premises; the 
existence of discussions between the Parties regarding the Purpose, or any of the terms, conditions 
or other facts with respect thereto (including the status of such discussions); and all information, of 
any nature whatsoever, disclosed by the Disclosing Party to the R eceiving Party in connection with the 
Purpose, whether before or after the date of this Agreement. In each case such information may be 
contained in tangible materials including, but not limited to writings, drawings, models, prototypes, 
test specimens, pr oduction units, data specifications, reports, analysis, methods, compilations and 
computer programs, or may be in the nature of verbally or visually communicated intellectual 
knowledge.  
“Affiliates” means any entity or person controlling (directly or indi rectly), controlled by or under 
common control with a Party; control meaning direct or indirect beneficial ownership of more than 
50% of the share capital, stock or other participating interest carrying the right to vote or to 
distribution of profits of th at entity or person.  
“Disclosing Party” means a Part y disclosing Confidential Information including its Affiliates and 
Representatives.  
“Receiving Part y” means a Party receiving or obtaining Confidential Information, including its Affiliates 
and Represent atives.  
“Representatives” means the employees, Affiliates, agents, contractors, consultants, representatives 
and pr ofessional advisors of a Party.  
1. In respect of all Confidential Information in whatever form acquired prior to or during the period of 
this Agreement by one party (the “Receiving Party”) from the other party (the “Disclosing Party”) 
relating to the Purpose, the Receiving Party undertakes: - 
A. Only to use the information for evaluating or preparing quotation in respect and/or    
evaluation of th e Purpose.  
B. Only to disclose the information and then only to the extent necessary to those of its 
employees to whom disclosure is necessary.  
C. Not to disclose the Confidential Information to any third party or the fact that the  Confidential 
Information is b eing exchanged, except with the expressed authorisation in writing by the 
Disclosing Party and is obliged to enter into an identical confidentiality agreement with the 
such third party.  
D. Not to copy or reduce the Confidential Information to writing or store  in any computer 
readable form except as may be reasonably necessary for the Purpose.  
<*$p$*>E. To return to the Disclosing Party on demand, where reasonably feasible, all information which has been supplied to or acquired by it in the form of drawings or written material or other recorded form including all copies thereof, and to delete all information stored in computer readable form, and the Receiving Party will endeavor to ensure its employees comply with the above obligation.<*$p$*>  
 
CWF0 001 
 
 
Mutual Non -Disclosure Agreement C.W. Fletcher & Sons Ltd  2. Paragraph 1. will not apply to any Con fidential Information which: - 
A. is in or comes into the public domain otherwise than by a breach of this Agreement or  
B. the Receiving Party has in its possessions without restriction on disclosure prior to the receipt 
from the Disclosing Party, or  
C. The Receivin g Party lawfully receives from a bona -fide third party without restriction on 
disclosure, or  
D. Is developed independently by the Receiving Party without any portion of the development 
having been based on the Confidential Information.  
3.  The Receiving Part y may disclose Confidential Information without liability to the extent such 
disclosure is:  
A. required by applicable law, government authority, duly authorised subpoena or court order, 
in which case the Receiving Party will provide prompt written notice to the Disclosing Party 
(unless such notice is prohibited by applicable law) and endeavour to give the Disclosing Party 
an opportunity to respond prior to making the disclosure;  
B. required to be made to a court or other judicial administrative tribuna l in connection with the 
enforcement of either Party’s rights under the Agreement; or  
C. approved in advance by Disclosing Party’s authorised representative in writing.  
4. This Agreement shall not the construed as granting expressly or implied during the ter m of the 
Agreement or thereafter any rights in respect of any patent, copyright or other intellectual property 
right belonging to the Disclosing Party as necessary for the Purpose.  
5. This Agreement shall come into force on the Effective Date and shall automatically expire and 
terminate 10 year( s) from the Effective Date. This agreement may be terminated by either Party (i) at 
any time on fifteen (15) days prior written notice to the  other Party; and (ii) immediately upon written 
notice of the other Party’s breach of any term of the Agreement. The Agreement will continue in full 
force and effect until so terminated. Upon the termination of the Agreement or at any time upon the 
Disclos ing Party’s written request, Receiving Party will at its expense return all c onfidential 
information or destroy the same and certify in writing as to such destruction within five (5) business 
days after the date of such destruction. The confidentiality obl igations set out in this Agreement will 
survive expiry and/or termination of this Agreement for a period of one (1) yea r. One archival copy of 
the Confidential Information shall be retai ned by the Receiving Party for  internal audit purposes only.  
6. This Agreement supersedes all prior written or oral negotiations, commitments, agreement and 
understandings between the Parties relating to confidentiality and constitutes the entire agreement 
between the Parties with respect to confidentiality. The Agreement w ill not be deemed or construed 
to be modified, amended, rescinded, cancelled or waived, in whole or in part, except by a writing 
signed by the Parties’ authorised representatives.  
7. The Disclosing Party makes no representation or warranty that the confide ntial Information does 
not infringe any intellectual property right of any third party. The Confidential Information disclosed 
hereunder is provided “as is” and without any warranty, express, implied or statutory.  
CWF0 001 
 
 
Mutual Non -Disclosure Agreement C.W. Fletcher & Sons Ltd  <*$p$*>8. The Parties will, to the best of their understanding, comply with applicable laws in the use of the Confidential Information and performance of this Agreement, including without limitation the EU, UK and U.S. export control and trading sanctions rules and regulations.<*$p$*>  
<*$p$*>9. The Parties acknowledge that a breach of this Agreement might potentially result in a Party experiencing harm due to the unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information, and that monetary damages may not always be a sufficient remedy. Therefore, the Parties may consider seeking injunctive relief, subject to the discretion of the court, and any other relief as deemed appropriate under applicable law, to enforce their rights under this agreement.<*$p$*> Failure or delay by a Party to enforce any right, power, or 
privilege created in this Agreement will not operate as an implied waiver th ereof, nor will any single 
or partial enforcement preclude any other or further enforcement of any other right, power or 
privilege.  
10. This agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and 
the Parties agree to sub mit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts for any and all disputes, 
claims and indifference arising out of, or in connection with this Agreement.  
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by the 
authorised representative as of the Effective Date,  
 
C.W.Fletcher & Sons Ltd       Company  enter ing NDA with  
Signature…………………………….      Signature………………………………  
Name:         Name:  
Title:         Title:  
 
 
 
 
Signature……………………………      Signature……………………………  
 
Name:         Name:  
Title:        Title:  
 
 
 