NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
 This Non-Disclosure Agreement is made and en tered into by execution of this document or a 
duplicate hereof effective this ___[Date]___,  by and between, TPI Composites, Inc.  a company 
established under the laws of Delaware  and having its registered offices at 8501 N. Scottsdale Rd., Suite 
280, Scottsdale, Arizona 85253, as well as all of its subsidiaries, affiliates divisions and units of such 
corporation, entities or businesses related in any way to TPI Composites, Inc., including, but not limited 
to joint ventures (hereinafter referred to as " TPI") and  [Insert Company]    , having 
its registered offices at   [Address]    (hereinafter referred to as " ").  The term "Party" or 
"Parties" as used herein refers to one or bot h of the foregoing entities, depending on context. 
 
WHEREAS, TPI is a company that develops and manufactures large-scale composite materials 
for the wind energy, transportation and military markets;  
 
WHEREAS, TPI has developed valuable technology, know-how, trade secrets, and other 
confidential information relating to reinforced  plastic composite materials and processes; 
 WHEREAS,  [Insert Company]  
 desires to receive and examine certain confidential data 
of TPI relating to composite materials and/or other products that TPI has obtained, designed, manufactured or developed for use in the wind energy, transportation or military markets; 
 WHEREAS, TPI is willing to provide  [Insert Company]  
certain confidential and 
proprietary data relating to the above-re ferenced technology and processes; and 
  
WHEREAS, the Parties desire to define and set  out the terms and conditions which prevent each 
of the Parties from any unlawful or unauthorized discl osure of confidential and pr oprietary information as 
stipulated hereinbelow. 
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the term s and conditions hereinafter set forth, the 
Parties agree as follows:  
1. “Proprietary Information,” as used herein, shall mean any and all samples, formula, 
methods, know-how, technology, software, mate rial, engineering data, specifications, 
sketches, drawings, schematics, designs, manufacturing processes, test results, compilations, and any other material, informa tion, ideas, concepts or knowledge which a 
party (the “Disclosing Party”) furnishes to a nother party (the “Receiving Party”):  (i) in 
written or other tangible form whether marked w ith a proprietary legend or not, or (ii) in 
oral or visual form that is identified as proprietary at the time of disclosure and is summarized and designated proprietary in a written memorandum delivered to Receiving 
Party within thirty (30) days of the disclosur e.  Examples of such Proprietary Information 
include, but are not limited to, pricing, computer programs, computer code, modules, scripts, algorithms, features, and modes of operation, inventions (whether or not 
patentable), techniques, processes, methodologies, know-how, schematics, testing procedures, design and function specifications, documentation, and the features, mode of 
operation and other details of Disclosing Pa rty’s products and services, as well as the 
names and expertise of Disclosing Party’s employees, product development plans and 
forecasts.   
 Such Proprietary Information shall not include information which (1) is in or (other than by an act attributable to the Receiving Party)  passes into the public domain; (2) was in the 
Page 1 of 4 
 
possession of the Receiving Party prior to disclosure thereof by or on behalf of the 
Disclosing Party; (3) is disclosed to the R eceiving Party by a third party who lawfully 
possesses such information and who is duly au thorized or otherwise entitled to disclose 
such information; (4) is disclosed pursuant to the order or requirement of a government body, court or administration agency; or (5) is independently developed by an employee of the Receiving Party who has not had access to  the information disclosed hereunder.  
 
2. <*$p$*>Proprietary Information shall be held with reasonable confidentiality by Receiving Party and should not be used by Receiving Party except for (i) the purposes described in this Agreement, unless disclosure or further use is authorized or consented to in writing by Disclosing Party which consent may be withheld or delayed at their discretion and/or (ii) the case where disclosure of the same is arguably required under applicable law or by a governmental order, rule or regulation or by the regulations of any relevant stock exchange or other governmental authority (provided that the Receiving party will attempt to give written notice of such required disclosure to the other party prior to the disclosure).<*$p$*>   Such consent to disclose Proprietary Information to employees of Receiving Party or its affiliated 
company (“affiliated Receiving Party”) with a legitimate “need to know” and only for the purposes described in this Agreement is herewith given, but further consent shall be required for 
disclosure to others or authorization of use by  others.  For purposes of this Confidentiality 
Agreement, an "affiliated Receiving Party" mean s and includes a parent, if any, of Receiving 
Party and all present and future companies in whic h Receiving Party, or its parent, individually or 
collectively, directly or indirectly, through one or  more intermediaries, owns or controls fifty 
percent (50%)  or more of the outstanding stock having the right to vote for or appoint directors 
thereof. Prior to any use or disclosure of Propr ietary Information by or to another, Receiving 
Party shall ensure that the re cipient has entered into an agreement limiting the recipient's 
disclosure and use of Proprietary Informa tion consistent with this Agreement. 
 
3. To enable the Disclosing Party to disclo se “technical data” to the Receiving Party in 
compliance with the requirements of the U.S. Commerce Department’s Export Administrative 
Regulations, the Receiving Party hereby gives its  assurance to the Disclosing Party that the 
Receiving Party will not knowingly, unless prior written authorization is obtained from the 
Disclosing Party and the U.S. Commerce Departme nt, export, re-export or otherwise disclose, 
directly or indirectly, any “technical data” (or computer software and any related documentation) 
received from the Disclosing Party which is not otherwise available to the general public, nor 
allow the direct product thereof to be shipped directly or indirectly, to any of the countries 
published on the restrictive list promulgated a nd amended from time to time by the U.S. 
Department of Commerce. 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agre ement, this Paragraph 3 shall survive any 
termination or expirati on of this Agreement. 
 4. <*$p$*>Upon reasonable request by the Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party will endeavor to return Proprietary Information of the Disclosing Party and documents containing such Proprietary Information and copies thereof, or upon request of the Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party will make an effort to certify in writing that materials containing Proprietary Information have been destroyed.<*$p$*>  
The Receiving Party understands th at nothing herein (a) requires the disclosure of any Proprietary 
Information of the Disclosing Party, which shall be disclosed if at all sole ly at the option of the 
Disclosing Party, or (b) requires the Disclosing Pa rty to proceed with any proposed transaction or 
relationship in connection with which Propr ietary Information may be disclosed.   
Page 2 of 4 
 
 
5. No rights or obligations other than those expr essed and recited herein are to be implied from 
this Agreement.  In particular, no licenses are hereby granted directly or indirectly under any 
patent, copyright, or trademark now held by or wh ich may be obtained by, or which is licensable 
by Disclosing Party, including but not limited to, any license to make, use or sell any product 
embodying any Proprietary Information.  No othe r existing Agreement between parties, if any, 
are modified or terminated by this Agreemen t.  No warranty or representation is made by 
Disclosing Party hereto that any information transmitted by it hereunde r is patentable or 
copyrightable, or that any such information involves concepts or embodiments that are free of 
infringement of other rights.  Disclosing Party here to confers no right to Receiving Party to use in 
advertising, publicity, or otherwise any trademar k or trade name of Disclosing Party, nor confers 
any authorization to Receiving Party to act as an agent on its behalf for any purpose. 
 
6. This Non-Disclosure Agreement shall remain  in full force and effect from the effective 
date indicated above.  Either party may terminate this Agreement by giving the other Party sixty 
(60)  days’ written notice.  However the confidentiality obligations and all powers, rights and 
duties provided herein shall extend for a period of five (5) years following the termination of this 
Agreement.  Neither Party shall assign this Ag reement to any third party, without the prior 
written consent of the other Party. 
 
7. The Parties acknowledge and agree that due to  the unique nature of the Disclosing Party’s 
Proprietary Information, money damages will not be a sufficient remedy for a breach of this 
Agreement.  Because a violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement will likely cause 
irreparable loss and harm which cannot be reasonably or adequately compensated by damages in 
an action at law, the Disclosing Party will be entitled to specific performance and injunctive relief 
or other appropriate equitable re lief as remedies for any such breach.  Such remedies will not be 
deemed to be the exclusive remedies for a breach of this Agreement but will be in addition to all 
other remedies available at law or in equity to the Disclosing Party. 
 
8. <*$p$*>This Agreement may be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Delaware, potentially considering conflicts of law principles. Any dispute, controversy and/or difference which may arise between the Parties in connection with this Agreement, or an alleged breach thereof, which cannot be settled through what each party deems to be reasonable attempts at amicable mutual accord, may be subject to mediation before potentially being filed in courts, location unspecified.<*$p$*> 
9. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreemen t of the Parties hereto with respect to the 
subject matter hereof and supersedes and can cels all prior communications, understandings and 
agreements between the Parties hereto relating to the Proprietary Information, whether written or 
oral, expressed or implied. <*$p$*>The Parties believe that this Agreement is potentially severable, and in the hypothetical event that a provision of this Agreement is somehow deemed illegal, possibly invalid, or arguably unenforceable, the effect on the legality, validity, and enforceability of the remaining provisions is unclear.<*$p$*> 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have respectively caused duplicates of this document to be executed on their behalf by their proper offi cers and employees thereunto duly authorized. 
 
Page 3 of 4 
 
Page 4 of 4 
 [TPI Composites, Inc.]   [Insert Company]
By:   By:  
 (Signature)  
   (Signature)  
 
Name:    Name:  
 (Print)  
   (Print)  
 
Title:    Title:  
     
 
 
 