© 2018 International Chamber of Commerce (ICC). All rights reserved. No part of this document may be  
reproduced or copied in any form or by any means, or translated, without the prior permission in writing of ICC.  
 
 
 
 
NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
Between:  
 
International Chamber of Commerce (“ICC”), a  French not -for-profit  association established under 
the law of 1901 (association loi 1901)  relating  to the contract of association, domiciled at 33 -43 
avenue du Président Wilson, 75116 Paris, France,  acting on behalf of its working body, the 
International Court of Arbitration (the “ICC Court”),  
 
and  
(tick the box/es related to your role on the Nominations Commission and add your name)  
 
 .............................................................................: ICC Court member  
 
 .............................................................................: Member of National Committee Nominations  
  Commission  
 
 .............................................................................: Contact Person ( paragraph 18 of the Note to  
   National Committees and Groups of ICC on  
 the Proposal of Arbitrators)  
 
 ..............................................................................: Other person affiliated or employed by a  
   National Committee  (but not the Contact Person)  
 
hereinafter referred to as “Party” or “Parties” respectively.  
 
Whereas  the work of the ICC Court, including the work of the offices of its Secretariat, is of a 
confidential nature which must be respected by everyone who participates in that work in whatever 
capacity, in particular by ICC Court members and individuals involve d in the selection and proposal 
of arbitrators to the ICC Court within an ICC National Committee or Group (the “Members”);  
 
Whereas  the ICC Court wishes to ensure that the information, which may become known to 
Members while performing their function in th e course of their term of office as member of the ICC 
Court or when in charge of selecting or proposing arbitrators to the ICC Court within an ICC 
National Committee or Group, is used in compliance with the ICC Arbitration Rules and their 
Appendices and pr otected from any disclosure;  
 
Whereas  the Parties are aware of their obligation to preserve confidentiality, trade secret, and 
privacy of information and data that may be brought to their attention in the course of their term of 
office;  
 
Whereas  the Member s acknowledge that any breach of their obligation mentioned hereto would be 
detrimental to ICC, its management and staff, the ICC Court and the reputation of ICC arbitration 
thus leaving no option to ICC but to take all appropriate action to remedy this br each;  
 
The Parties enter into the following agreement (“Agreement”):  
 
 NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  | 2 
 
© 2018 International Chamber of Commerce (ICC). All rights reserved. No part of this document may be  
reproduced or copied in any form or by any means, or translated, without the prior permission in writing of ICC.  Article 1 – Definition of Confidential and Proprietary Information  
 
“Confidential Information” means any information or data, or both, communicated by or on behalf of 
the ICC Court to the Member, including, but not limited to, any kind of business, commercial, 
technical, legal, financial information and data in connection with the arbitral proceedings, the 
activities and image of the ICC Court, except for information that is demonstrabl y non -confidential 
in nature. The information shall be Confidential Information, irrespective of the medium in which 
that information or data is embedded, and whether the Confidential Information is disclosed orally, 
visually or otherwise.  
 
“Proprietary Information” means information or data, or both, belonging to ICC, which may be 
Confidential Information or not.  
 
Article 2 – Obligation to keep Confidential and Restrictive Use  
 
The Member shall:  
 
a)  not disclose any Confidential Information or Proprie tary Information unless expressly 
authorised by the ICC Court;  
b)  use any Confidential Information or Proprietary Information exclusively for the purpose of its 
collaboration with the ICC Court and not for its own or anyone else’s benefit;  
c)  keep secu re, confidential and hold all Confidential Information and Proprietary Information 
with no less a degree of care as is used for the Member’s own confidential or Proprietary 
Information and at least with reasonable care; and  
d)  not amend, vary, develop, im prove, enhance (“Derivation”) the Confidential Information or 
Proprietary Information except as otherwise approved in writing by the ICC Court.  
 
In addition, ICC Court members are only permitted to disclose Confidential information or 
Proprietary informati on for the sole purpose of conflict checks. They must only disclose such 
information to the person duly authorized to run conflict checks within their respective law firm or 
company. ICC Court members undertake that their firm or company will not use the C onfidential 
information<*$p$*>Article 3 – Exclusions from Obligation to keep Confidential and Restrictive Use The obligations under Article 2 to keep confidential all Confidential Information or Proprietary Information shall not apply.<*$p$*>ach of any obligation 
of confidentiality to the ICC Court relating to that information; or  
c)  is developed by the Member independent of any Confidential Information or Proprietary 
Information.  
 
Article 4 – Copies  
 
Unless oth erwise specified by the ICC Court at the time of disclosure, the Member may make 
copies of the Confidential Information and of Proprietary Information to the extent necessary for the 
purpose of performing the Member’s function.  
 NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  | 3 
 
© 2018 International Chamber of Commerce (ICC). All rights reserved. No part of this document may be  
reproduced or copied in any form or by any means, or translated, without the prior permission in writing of ICC.  Article 5 – Refusal  
 
Nothi ng in this Agreement shall obligate the ICC Court to disclose any information to the Member. 
ICC has full discretion to determine which Confidential Information or Proprietary Information can 
be disclosed to the Member during the term of office of the Memb er. 
 
Article 6 – No Licence or Ownership  
 
Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any rights the ICC Court may have in relation to Confidential 
Information or Proprietary Information, neither shall this Agreement provide the Member with any 
right or licenc e under any patents, copyrights, trade secrets, or the like in relation to the 
Confidential Information or Proprietary Information.  
 
Article 7 – No Warranty  
 
The ICC Court makes available the Confidential Information or Proprietary Information as is and 
only warrants that, it has done its best efforts to ensure to the best possible extent that the 
information disclosed is <*$p$*>Article 9 – Term and Termination This Agreement enters into force by signing of all Parties and can be terminated by ICC with immediate effect. This Agreement ends automatically upon expiry of the Member’s term of office.<*$p$*>  oblige a Party to enter into any other contract.  
 
Article 9 – Term and Termination  
 
This Agreement enters into force by signing of all Parties and can be terminated by either Party  
with immediate effect by giving<*$p$*>Article 11 – Breach and Remedies The Parties agree that Confid ential Information or Proprietary Information may relate to highly sensitive aspects of ICC Court’s activities or arbitral proceedings and that loss, misuse or unauthorised Derivation or disclosure of the Confidential Information or Proprietary Information may be highly prejudicial to the interests of ICC and the ICC Court, and that financial compensation may not adequatly compensate ICC for any such damage.<*$p$*>ential Information or Proprietary Information  
may be highly prejudicial to the interests of ICC and the ICC Court, and that financial 
compensation may not adequatly compensate ICC for any such damage. ICC therefore reserves 
the right to take whatever injunctive or other action it deems necessary, at law, in equity or 
otherwise to protect its interests in the event of any actual<*$p$*>Article 12 – Disposal Within ninety (90) days of termination of this Agreement, the ICC Court may request the disposal of the Confidential Information or Proprietary Information disclosed to the Member. Disposal means following ICC's protocol.<*$p$*>onfidential Information or Proprietary Information disclosed to the Member. Disposal means 
execution of reasonable measures to return or destroy all materials and copies including electronic 
data. Destruction shall be confirmed in writing. Disposa l shall be effected within thirty (30) days of 
the request being made.  
 
Article 13 – Good Faith and Fair Dealing  
 
In carrying out their obligations under this Agreement, the Parties will act in accordance with the 
principles of good faith and fair dealing . The provisions of this Agreement, as well as any 
statements made by the Parties in connection with this Agreement, shall be interpreted in 
accordance with the principles of good faith and fair dealing.  
 
Article 14 – Dispute Resolution  
 
This Agreement is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of France.  
 
Any dispute arising from or in connection with this Agreement shall be resolved by both Parties or 
their representatives, if any, through consultation and negotiations at the request of either Party by 
written notice to the other Party.  
 
Failing a resolution within three weeks  following the notice mentioned in the above paragraph, the 
Tribunal de Grande Instance de Paris shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear and decide any suit, 
action or proceedings, and to settle any disputes arising out of or in connection with this 
Agreement.  
 
Article 15 – No Assignment  
 
This Agreement may not be assigned by either Party without the prior written consent of the other  
Party. No assignment shall relieve a Party of its obligations under this Agreement with respect to 
Confidential Information or Proprietary Information disclosed to that Party prior to the agreed 
assignment.  
 
Article 16 – Written Form  
 
This Agreement may  not be modified or amended except in writing, signed by the Parties or their 
authorised representatives.  
 
In witness whereof the Parties or their duly authorised representatives have executed this 
Agreement on the day and year written below.  
 
Date (Day/ Month/Year): ..........................................  
 
ICC Signatory  
Emmanuel Jolivet   Name ....................................... .............. .......... 
General Counsel   Title ........................................ ..........................  
International Chamber of Commerce   Firm/ Company  .................. .......... ................ ..... 
Signature   Signature …………………………………………  