Mitacs-Accelerate Internships & Mitacs-Elevate Fellow ships  
Program Research Agreement & Non-Disclosure Agreeme nt CONFIDENTIAL McGill 
University 
 
Page 1 of 9 Last Updated June 2012 
 PROGRAM RESEARCH AGREEMENT AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
MITACS -ACCELERATE INTERNSHIPS AND MITACS -ELEVATE FELLOWSHIPS  
 
For Graduate Student and Post-Doctoral Educational Projects at McGill University 
Funded Through the Mitacs Accelerate Internship Pro gram (“Mitacs Accelerate”) or 
the Mitacs Elevate Fellowship Program (“Mitacs Elev ate”) As Administered by Mitacs 
 
PARTIES : The Royal Institution for the Advancement of Lear ning/ McGill University (“ McGill ”) 
  A Canadian University having a place of business at 845 Sherbrooke Street West, 
Montreal, Quebec, Canada, H3A 2T5. 
 
 Sponsor / Organization Name (“ Sponsor ”) 
 Sponsor / Organisation Address 
 
 Intern Name (“ Intern ”) 
 Intern Academic Address 
 
DATE :  This agreement (“ Agreement ”) is entered into as of DD Month YYYY (“ Effective Date ”) 
(individually McGill, Sponsor and Intern are each a  “Party” and collectively the “Parties”) 
 
WHEREAS  the Parties wish to participate in Mitacs Accelera te or Mitacs Elevate; 
WHEREAS  the Parties each have proprietary knowledge and in formation relating to the activities 
undertaken pursuant to the Mitacs Accelerate intern ship/Elevate fellowship; 
WHEREAS  the Parties wish to enter into discussions to eval uate their mutual interest in pursuing business 
relations for participation in the Mitacs Accelerat e internship/Elevate fellowship; 
WHEREAS  during said discussions or activities undertaken p ursuant to the Mitacs Accelerate 
internship/Elevate fellowship a Party may disclose to another certain information deemed to be 
confidential in nature; and 
WHEREAS  the Parties wish to establish their respective rig hts and obligations with respect to such 
information. 
NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants set out in this Agreement 
and for other good and valuable consideration (the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby 
acknowledged by each of the Parties), the Parties a gree as follows: 
 
1.  PREAMBLE : The Preamble forms an integral part of this Agree ment. 
Mitacs-Accelerate Internships & Mitacs-Elevate Fellow ships  
Program Research Agreement & Non-Disclosure Agreeme nt CONFIDENTIAL McGill 
University 
 
Page 2 of 9 Last Updated June 2012 
 2.  DEFINITIONS  
a.  Intern : the graduate student or post-doctoral fellow (“ PDF ”) participating in Mitacs Accelerate or 
Mitacs Elevate 
b.  Academic Supervisor : the academic supervisor of an Intern. 
c.  Sponsor : the sponsoring organization(s) participating in M itacs Accelerate or Mitacs Elevate. 
d.  Project : the activities undertaken pursuant to the Mitacs Accelerate internship/Elevate 
fellowship. 
e.  Mitacs Accelerate : a research-based internship program used to suppo rt research involving 
Interns, their Academic Supervisors, and a Sponsor.  
f.  Mitacs Elevate : postdoctoral fellowship program that supports PDF s working on applied research 
projects with Canadian companies and may be either an;  
i.  Strategic Fellowship Program : (“ SFP ”), the PDF will spend their first year working on a 
project with their Academic Supervisor while seekin g a suitable Sponsor to enable them 
to switch to the IFP by the end of year 1; or 
ii.  Industrial Fellowship Program : (“ IFP ”), the PDF will work on a joint project with a 
Sponsor. 
g.  Intellectual Property : (“ IP ”), the right, title or interest in or to literary,  artistic, scientific works 
and Technical Information including without limitat ion, scientific discoveries, inventions, patents, 
copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, service mark s, commercial names and designations, 
registered industrial designs, applications for the  foregoing, and similar rights recognized from 
time to time in any jurisdiction together with all rights of action in relation to the infringement of  
any of the foregoing. 
h.  Background Intellectual Property : (“ Background IP” ), IP other than Project Intellectual Property, 
conceived, developed, reduced to practice or otherw ise made or acquired by a Party prior to the 
Effective Date or outside the scope of this Agreeme nt and used to generate the research results. 
i.  Project Intellectual Property : (“ Project IP ”),  IP created during and as a direct result of work 
undertaken for a Project. For clarity, Project IP d oes not include Background IP. 
j.  Confidential Information : any information disclosed by one Party (the ‘ Discloser’ ) to another 
party (the ‘ Recipient’ ) relating directly or indirectly to the Project, w hich is identified by the 
disclosing Party, either orally or in writing, as c onfidential, either at the time of disclosure or, i f 
disclosed orally, confirmed in writing within thirt y (30) days following the original disclosure. 
Exceptions to Confidential Information : This Agreement does not apply to information that : 
i.  was available to the public at the time of disclosu re, or subsequently became available 
to the public without fault of Recipient; 
ii.  was known to Recipient at the time of disclosure or  was independently developed by 
Recipient, provided there is adequate documentation  to confirm such prior knowledge 
or independent development; 
iii.  was received by Recipient from a third party and Re cipient was not aware that the third 
party had a duty of confidentiality to Discloser in  respect of the information; 
iv.  is used or disclosed by Recipient with Discloser’s  prior written approval; or 
v.  is required to be disclosed by law, provided that R ecipient gives Discloser sufficient prior 
written notice of any such disclosure to allow Disc loser to contest the disclosure. 
Mitacs-Accelerate Internships & Mitacs-Elevate Fellow ships  
Program Research Agreement & Non-Disclosure Agreeme nt CONFIDENTIAL McGill 
University 
 
Page 3 of 9 Last Updated June 2012 
 k.  Disclosure : means the publication of theses, articles, and sc holarly writings or oral or written 
presentations at lectures, conferences or seminars.  
 
3.  OWNERSHIP AND USE OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY :   
3.1    BACKGROUND IP : Each Party will retain all right, title and inter est in and to its Background IP, 
provided or used in the Project and no license to u se any Background IP is granted or implied by 
this Agreement excepting that each Party will be de emed to have been granted a royalty-free, 
non-exclusive license to use the Background IP of a nother Party which that Party makes available 
for use in a Project, but only to the extent reason ably necessary to undertake that Project. McGill 
and Intern hereby grants Sponsor a time-limited opt ion to negotiate an exclusive or non-
exclusive, royalty-bearing licence to use Backgroun d IP under commercially reasonable terms and 
conditions to be negotiated in good faith by the Pa rties (the “Option”).  Sponsor acknowledges 
that McGill and the Intern shall offer no warranty concerning patentability or non-infringement, 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose  of the Background IP or Project IP or of any 
ensuing products. Except as <*$p$*>3.2 PROJECT IP : The Sponsor will own all right, title and interes t in and to the Project IP other than copyright in Publications as that term is defined i n the following section. The Sponsor grants each of McGill and the Intern a license to use the Project IP for research, scholarly publication, edu cational and other non-commercial purposes.<*$p$*>ll forever retain a royalty-free, non-exclu sive, perpetual, irrevocable license to use the 
Project IP for research, scholarly publication, edu cational and other non-commercial purposes. 
3.3 DISCLOSURE OFPROJECT IP TO MCGILL: By exception to the IP policy of McGill, Project IP  that has 
been developed without the contribution of the Acad emic Supervisor is not required to be 
registered with McGill prior to any commercializati on of that Project IP. 
3.4   PUBLICATION : The Parties are not restricted from presenting, p ublishing or otherwise 
disseminating the results of any research relating to a Project (including without limitation the 
Project IP) at symposia, professional meetings or f or academic evaluation or other academic 
purposes (including, without limitation, publishing  thesis, course reports, journal articles or other 
academic publications) (a “Publication”) provided t hat during the Project and for a period of two 
years following the completion or other termination  of the Project, the Academic Supervisor and 
the Intern will provide the Sponsor with a copy of any proposed Publication containing the results 
of any research relating to a Project or any Projec t IP at least thirty (30) days in advance of the 
proposed publication date. The Sponsor may, within fifteen (15) days following receipt of a copy 
of the proposed publication require by written noti ce to McGill and the Intern that the proposed 
publication date be delayed, for a period of not gr eater than sixty (60) days, so as to permit the 
Sponsor to make an application to register a patent  with respect to the Project IP. Failing receipt 
of such notice in the time and in the manner provid ed, McGill and the Intern will be at liberty to 
publish the proposed publication without further no tice to the Sponsor. 
Mitacs-Accelerate Internships & Mitacs-Elevate Fellow ships  
Program Research Agreement & Non-Disclosure Agreeme nt CONFIDENTIAL McGill 
University 
 
Page 4 of 9 Last Updated June 2012 
 3.5   COPYRIGHT : Copyright in any Publication will be owned by the  author e<*$p$*>4.  LIMITED WARRANTY DISCLAIMER AND INDEMNITY FOR BA CKGROUND AND PROJECT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY : The Sponsor acknowledges that the Project is expe rimental and exploratory in nature. The Sponsor agrees to undertake its own due diligence prior to any use of the Proj ect IP. No warranty or representation is given with res pect to the Project IP including, without limitatio n, any implied warranties as to merchantability, fitness f or a particular purpose or of non-infringement.<*$p$*>the Proj ect 
IP. No warranty or representation is given with res pect to the Project IP including, without limitatio n, any 
implied warranties as to merchantability, fitness f or a particular purpose or of non-infringement.  Mc Gill 
and the Intern expressly disclaim all obligations a nd liabilities for damages of any kind or nature 
whatsoever including, but not limited to, direct, i ndirect, special, incidental, punitive and conseque ntial 
damages, solicitors’ and experts' fees, and court c osts (even if they have been advised of the possibi lity of 
such damages, fees or costs), arising out of or in connection with the Project or any use in any manne r 
whatsoever of any research results or Project IP. 
The Sponsor will hold harmless and indemnify McGill , its Board of Governors, executives, faculty, staf f, 
employees, agents, successors and assigns (includin g without limitation the Academic Supervisor and th e 
Intern ) from and against any and all claims or jud gments, including all associated legal fees, expens es and 
disbursements actually incurred, on a solicitor and  own client basis, from or arising out of the use b y the 
Sponsor, or anyone for whom the Sponsor is in law r esponsible or any of their successors or assigns, o f 
Project IP or the research results of a given Proje ct, including without limitation any damages of any  kind 
or nature whatsoever (including but not limited to direct, indirect, special, incidental, punitive or 
consequential), losses of any kind or nature (inclu ding without limitation loss of revenues, profits, savings, 
business, data or records) or costs arising in any manner whatsoever (including arising from or incide ntal 
to any product liability or other lawsuit, claim, d emand or other action brought), directly or indirec tly, 
from or out of any use whatsoever of Project IP or the research results of the Project. 
5.  DESIGNATED REPRESENTATIVES : Each party designates a representative for coordi nating receipt, 
release and delivery of Confidential Information, w hich for McGill will be In<*$p$*>6. REGULATORY COMPLIANCE : Each party must comply with all applicable laws, regulations and rules in its jurisdiction.<*$p$*>McGill .  The burden shall be on Sponsor to make it availa ble only to eligible 
individuals as designated by McGill, or to obtain t he appropriate license or approval from the 
relevant agency, or to invoke an available exceptio n, exemption or exclusion. 
Mitacs-Accelerate Internships & Mitacs-Elevate Fellow ships  
Program Research Agreement & Non-Disclosure Agreeme nt CONFIDENTIAL McGill 
University 
 
Page 5 of 9 Last Updated June 2012 
 6.2 In the event the Project research results or an y data developed in the course of the Project 
constitute controlled goods under Canadian law, the  Parties will cooperate so that the 
requirements of the law are met prior to disclosure  of such results or data. 
6.3  McGill shall have the right to terminate this Agreement under Section 13, "Term and 
Termination," if the discl<*$p$*>7. NON-DISCLOSURE : 7.1 Recipient must keep Confidential Information in confidence. Recipient may disclose the Confidential Information to its employees, directors, officers, agents, consultants and administrators. Recipient must not ot herwise disclose Confidential Information to any person or third party without the prior written app roval of the Discloser.<*$p$*>ed of the confidential nature of the Confident ial Information and are under an obligation to 
maintain its confidentiality. Recipient must not ot herwise disclose Confidential Information to any 
person or third party without the prior written app roval of the Discloser.  
7.2  The obligation to safeguard Confidential Infor mation shall continue for a period of two (2) years  
from the date the internship/fellowship terminates or expires. 
8.   STANDARD OF CARE :  Recipient agrees to protect the Confidential Inf ormation using at least the 
same degree of care Recipient uses to protect its o wn Confidential Information, but in no event less t han 
reasonable care. Recipient must notify Discloser pr omptly upon discovery that any Confidential 
Information has been accessed or otherwise acquired  by or disclosed to an unauthorized person. 
9.  RETURN OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION : If requested in writing by Discloser, Recipient m ust 
cease using, return to Discloser and/or destroy all  Confidential Information and any copies of Confide ntial 
Information in its possession or control. Recipient  may retain one archival copy of such Confidential 
Information for the sole purpose of establishing th e extent of the disclosure of such Confidential 
Information, provided that such information is not used by Recipient for any other purpose and is subj ect 
to the confidentiality requirements set out in this  Agreement. 
10. NO LICENCE OR OTHER RIGHTS : In respect of Background IP no right or license w hatsoever, 
expressed or implied, is granted by McGill to Inter n or Sponsor pursuant to this Agreement under any 
patent, patent application, copyright, trademark or  other proprietary right now or hereafter held by o r 
licensed to McGill. No legal obligations, rights, r elationship or duties shall be construed or inferre d from 
the entering into of this Agreement other than as e xpressly set out herein. 
11. LIMITED WARRANTY & LIABILITY : The Parties warrant that they have the right to d isclose the 
Confidential Information to another Party. No other  warranties in respect of the Confidential Informat ion 
are made by any Party and all information is provid ed “AS IS” without any express or implied warranty of 
any kind, including any warranty as to merchantabil ity, fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy, 
completeness or violation of third party IP rights.  In no event will McGill or Intern be liable for an y special, 
incidental or consequenti<*$p$*>12. TERM AND TERMINATION : 12.1 TERM : This Agreement shall come into force on the Effe ctive Date and shall terminate on [DD MONTH YYYY INTERNSHIP/FELLOWSHIP ENDS] unless termi nated earlier in accordance with the provisions of sections 13.2 or 13.3, below.<*$p$*>assets to the benefit of its cred itors, taking advantage of any statute 
which may be in force in relation to bankruptcy or insolvent debtors, or ceasing to 
conduct business in the normal course. 
12.2.3 default on the part of the other Party cause d by a force majeure, where such default 
lasts for more than six (6) months. 
12.3   TERMINATION BY MCGILL.  McGill shall also be able to terminate this Agreem ent, in its own 
discretion and without penalty or compensation to S ponsor, in the event that the Academic 
Supervisor leaves the employment of McGill, becomes  permanently disabled or passes away.  In 
such a case, the Parties will attempt in good faith  to identify another Academic Supervisor at 
McGill. Should they be unable to find a mutually ac ceptable replacement, McGill shall be able to 
terminate this Agreement under this section.  McGil l shall also be able to terminate this 
Agreement pursuant to section 6.3.   
12.4  EFFECT OF TERMINATION. Upon receipt by either Party of a notice of termina tion under this 
section 13 or expiry of the delay within which defa ult may be cured under section 13.2.1, McGill 
will make all reasonable efforts to stop work on th e Project and limit further expense of the 
Funds, provided that McGill shall have the right to  disburse any sum of money committed at the 
time of termination. Sponsor shall pay to McGill al l expenses reasonably incurred, committed to, 
or made in relation to the Project up to and includ ing the date of receipt of a notice of 
termination or expiry of the delay within which def ault could be cured under section 13.2.1, and 
shall pay for all costs and fees related to the ter mination of the Agreement.  
13. SEVERABILITY : If, for any reason, any provision of this Agreeme nt is determined to be invalid or 
unenforceable in whole or in part, such invalidity or unenforceability and the remainder of this 
Agreement shall be enforced to the fullest extent p ossible. 
14. ENTIRE AGREEMENT : These terms are the entire Agreement between the Parties with respect to 
the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior o r contemporaneous agreements, understandings or 
terms of the Parties, and there are no warranties, representations or other agreements between the 
Parties in connection with the subject matter of th e terms except as specifically set forth herein. 
Mitacs-Accelerate Internships & Mitacs-Elevate Fellow ships  
Program Research Agreement & Non-Disclosure Agreeme nt CONFIDENTIAL McGill 
University 
 
Page 7 of 9 Last Updated June 2012 
 15. ASSIGNMENT : This Agreement shall not be assignable or transfe rable and shall enure to the 
benefit of and be binding upon the Parties hereto.  
16. RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES :  During the course of the Project, the Intern rem ains a 
student/PDF of McGill. Moreover the Intern is not a n employee, agent or representative of McGill. The 
Intern does not become an employee of the Sponsor a nd will not sign any agreements with the Sponsor. 
Nothing in this Agreement shall make one Party the partner of another Party nor constitute one Party t he 
agent or legal representative of another Party, or create any fiduciary relationship between them.  
17.  PUBLICITY : The Sponsor will not use or permit others to use the name of McGill, the Academic 
Supervisor or the Intern, or refer to their partici pation in the Project for commercial purpose withou t the 
written consent of McGill and the Intern. 
18. DISPUTE RESOLUTION : 
18.1 Cooperation . Each Party to this Agreement agrees to cooperate with the other to ensure that 
each may enjoy all rights conferred under such Agre ement. 
18.2 Mediation . The parties shall attempt to resolve any dispute,  controversies, and claims with 
respect to this Agreement amicably through good fai th negotiations.  In the event that the Parties 
fail to resolve their differences, the matter shall  be first submitted to a mutually acceptable 
mediator, qualified by education and experience to review the matter.  The Parties shall be 
responsible for their own costs and shall share the  fees and expenses of the mediator. 
18.3 Arbitration . Should the mediation process fail to resolve the dispute to the satisfaction of both 
Parties within thirty (30) days of the appointment of the mediator, the Parties shall submit their 
dispute to arbitration in front of a single arbitra tor and in accordance with the provisions of 
articles 940 and following of the Code de procédure  civile du Québec.  The award and 
determination of the arbitrator shall be final and binding upon the Parties.  Each Party to the 
arbitration shall pay its own costs, including the expenses and fees generated by the legal 
representation at arbitration. 
19.  SURVIVAL : Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of Section 3.2 (the academic and 
research license); Section 3.4 (Publication); Secti on 4 (Indemnification); Section 7 (Non-Disclosure);  and 
Section 11 (Warranties) and will survive the end or  other termination of the Project. 
20.  RESPONSIBILITIES OF PARTIES : No Party or Project participant will be responsib le to the others 
for non-performance or delay in performance occasio ned by any cause beyond its control, including, 
without limitation, acts or omissions of the other party, acts of civil or military authority, strikes , lockouts, 
embargoes, insurrections or Acts of God. If any suc h delay occurs, any applicable time period shall be  
automatically extended for a period equal to the ti me lost provided that the party affected gives the 
other party prompt notice of such delay and makes r easonable efforts to correct the reason for the del ay. 
For greater certainty, the unavailability of the In tern or the Intern’s failure to fulfill his or her obligations 
pursuant to the Project are matters beyond the cont rol of McGill. In the event this occurs, the Sponso r 
may elect to terminate the Project but shall have n o recourse or remedy against McGill or the Academic  
Supervisor. 
Mitacs-Accelerate Internships & Mitacs-Elevate Fellow ships  
Program Research Agreement & Non-Disclosure Agreeme nt CONFIDENTIAL McGill 
University 
 
Page 8 of 9 Last Updated June 2012 
 21. NOTICES :  Any demand, notice or other communication to be given in connection with this 
Agreement shall be given in writing and shall be gi ven by personal delivery, by registered mail or by 
electronic means of communication addressed to Reci pient as follows: 
McGill :  
  McGill Office of Sponsored Research  
Associate Director, Contracts and 
Agreements 
James Administration Building, 2nd Floor 
845 Sherbrooke Street West 
Montreal, Quebec,  H3A 0G4 
Canada 
 
Tel: 514.398.4373 
Fax: 514.398.4853 
 Sponsor : Sponsor  Name  
c/o Sponsor Representative 
Sponsor Address 
Tel: 
Fax: 
Intern:  Intern  Name  
Intern McGill Address 
Tel: 
Fax:   
 
22. GOVERNING LAW : This Agreement shall be governed by and construed  in accordance with the 
laws of the Province of Québec and the laws of Cana da applicable therein and hereby submit to the 
jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Québe c. 
23. LANGUAGE : The Parties hereto hereby acknowledge that they h ave required this Agreement to 
be drawn up in the English language. Les parties re connaissent avoir demandé que le présent contrat so it 
rédigé en langue anglaise. 
24.  EXECUTION - This Agreement shall be executed in triplicate  by original signatures only by the 
duly authorised representatives of each party.  
 
[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS LEFT INTENTIONALLY B LANK] 
  
Mitacs-Accelerate Internships & Mitacs-Elevate Fellow ships  
Program Research Agreement & Non-Disclosure Agreeme nt CONFIDENTIAL McGill 
University 
 
Page 9 of 9 Last Updated June 2012 
  
IN WITNESS WHEREOF  the Parties have duly executed this Agreement by t heir duly authorized 
representatives as of the Effective Date. 
McGill   Sponsor   
  
   
 
 Name of Signatory  
Title  Name of Signatory  
Title 
  
   
 
 Date   Date  
 
Intern   
  
 
 Name of Intern  
 
  
 
 Date  
 
 
Acknowledgement 
The Academic Supervisor acknowledges the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement and agrees to 
be bound by the obligations contained within it.  T he Academic Supervisor will ensure that any faculty  or 
staff dealing with the Confidential Information is aware of the terms of this Agreement and agrees to 
abide by them. 
Academic Supervisor   
  
 
 Name of Academic Supervisor  
 
  
 
 Date  
 