 
                                            
 
NON DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
(On Rs.200/ - non-judicial stamp paper)  
 
This Agreement is made on          day of                  2018  
 
BETWEEN  
 
                                                                         , a company incorporated under the 
Companies Act, 1956 and registered as a Securitisation company and asset 
reconstruction company pursuant to Section 3 of the Securitisation and 
Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest Act,  2002 
having its registered office  / Head Office  at                                                                                                          
through duly authorized representative                                          (hereinafter      
referred      to   as   "Offerer"   which expression unless  repugnant to the context 
or meaning there of be deemed to mean and include its successors, Agents and 
assigns) on the ONEPART ;   
 
AND  
 
Canara Bank , a Body Corporate constituted under the Banking Co mpanies 
[Acquisition and Transfer of Undertaking s] Act, 1970, having its Head Office at 
No.112, J.C. Road, Bangalore 560 002  represented by                                                  
Deputy General Manager, Recovery  Legal & Fraud Prevention  Wing, Cana ra 
Bank, HO, 113, J.C. Road, Bangalore 560 002   (hereinafter referre d to as 
"CANARA BANK", which expression  shall  unless  repugnant to the context  or 
meaning there  of be deemed to mean  and include its successors and assigns) on 
the OTHER  PART; 
Offerer  and Canara Bank are hereinafter collectively referred to as “the Parties”  
and individually as the “the Party” .  
 
WHEREAS  
Canara Bank proposes to sell a few of its Non -performing Assets (NPAs) and 
invited Expression of Interest from Asset Reconstruction Co mpanies who are 
permitted by RBI to purchase the NPAs.  
The Offerer is intends to purchase the NPAs from Canara Bank by submitting 
Expression of Interest (EOI).The Offerer is aware that it is a precondition to 
execute this Non -Disclosure Agreement (NDA) dul y expressing their interest for 
purchase of such assets for getting the Preliminary Information Memorand<*$p$*>1. “Confidential Information” means and includes all data, documents and information disclosed or to be disclosed by either Party to other Party and its Representatives (including i nformation transmitted in written, electronic, magnetic or other form and also information transmitted orally or visually).<*$p$*>formation  disclosed or to be  disclosed by either Party  to other Party  and 
its Representatives (as defined herein) (including i nformation transmitted in 
written, electronic, magnetic or other form and also information transmitted 
orally or visually) and any and all information which may be developed or 
created, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from such information 
including all notes, summaries, an alyses, compilations and other writings.   
 
 “Receiving Party” means party who receives Confidential Information.  
 “Disclosing Party”  means party who discloses Confidential Information.  
 
2. Notwithstanding  any other provisions of this Agreement, each party 
ackn owledges that confidential information shall not include any information 
which:  
 Is or becomes  known to  public through no wrongful act; or  
 Is already known to receiving Party from the third party without breach of 
this agreement; or  
 Is rightfully  received by Receiving Party  without breach of this 
Agreement; or  
 Is independently developed by Receiving Party  without breach of this 
Agreement; or   
 Is required to be  disclosed b Receiving Party in compliance of orders of 
competent Court or, any appropriately empow ered Government Agency 
or under any statute.  
 Is explicitely approved / permitted by disclosure by written authority of 
the disclosing party.  
 
3. Receiving Party acknowledges that Confidential Information  is valuable, 
proprietary and confidential. Unless other wise expressly authorized by 
Disclosing Party, Receiving Party agrees to retain the Confidential 
Information in confidence for a period as stipulated in Clause 7 here<*$p$*>4. Receiving Party agrees, Receiving Party shall not (i) use any portion of the Confidential Inform ation for any purpose not contemplated by this Agreement; or (ii) disclose the Confidential Information or any part of it to any third party.<*$p$*>Party agrees, <*$p$*>5. Notwithstanding the disclosure of any Confidential Informat ion by the Disclosing Party to Rece iving Party, the Disclosing Party shall retain title and all intellectual property and proprietary rights in the Confidential Information. The Receiving Party shall not conceal, alter, obliterate, mutilate, deface or otherwise interfere with any trade mark, trade mark notice, copy right notic e, confidentiality notice or any notice of any other proprietary right of the Disclosing Party on any copy of the Confidential Information, and shall reproduce any such mark or notice on all copies of such Confidential Information. Likewise, the Receiving Party shall not add or emboss its own or any other mark, symbol or logo on such Confidential Information.<*$p$*>nformation . The Receiving Party shall not conceal, alter, 
obliterate, mutilate, deface or otherwise interfere with any trade mark, trade 
mark notice, copy right notic e, confidentiality notice or any notice of any 
other proprietary right of the Disclosing Party on any copy of the 
Confidential Information, and shall reproduce any such mark or notice on all 
copies of such Confidential Information. Likewise, the Receiving Party shall 
not add or emboss its own or any other mark, symbol or logo on such 
Confidential Information.  
 
6. All Con<*$p$*>7. This Agreement shall be effective from the date hereof and shall terminate upon the completion of any transaction in relation to the underlying transacti on or otherwise as determined by the parties; however, the obligations of Receiving Party respecting disclosure and confidentiality shall continue to be binding and applicable without limit in time.<*$p$*>, patents, copyrights or any right of third parties.  
 
7. This Agreement shall be effective from the date hereof and shall terminate 
upon the completion of any transaction in relation to the underlying 
transacti on or otherwise as determined by the parties; however, the 
obligations of Receiving Party respecting disclosure and confidentiality shall 
continue to be binding and applicable without limit in time except and, until 
such information enters the public domai n save and except the clause (2) 
herein.   
 
8. Receiving Party agrees to return to Disclosing Party upon its written 
request, the Confidential Information, any copies of the Confidential 
Information (whether authorised or not) and any documents or items 
conta ining portions of the Confidential Information.  
 
9. Receiving Party shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless to the 
Disclosing Party, its affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, assigns, officers, 
directors, employees, at all times, from and against any and a ll claims, 
demands, damages, assertions of liability whether civil, criminal, tortuous or 
of an nature whatsoever, arising out of or pertaining to or resulting from any 
breach of representations and warranties  made  by  Receiving  Party  
and/or  breach  o f  any provisions  of  this Agreement,                             but 
not limited to any claim from third party pursuant to any act or omission of 
Receiving Party in the course of discharge of its obligations under this 
Agreement.  
 
 
 
  
 
10. Any dispute, controv ersy or claim arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement or any related agreement or other document or the validity, 
interpretation, breach or termination thereof ( Dispute'), including claims 
seeking redress or asserting rights under applicable law, shal l, be resolved 
amicably between the parties and in case the dispute could not be settled 
by mutual negotiation, then the same shall be referred  to  a  sole  arbitrator  
appointed  by  the  Bank  and  the  decision  of  the Arbitrator shall be final 
and bi nding on the parties.  
 
 
11. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of India, and the competent courts in Bangalore shall have jurisdiction 
in relation thereto.  
 
 
12. Neither party shall make news releases, public announcement s, give 
interviews, issue or publish advertisements or publicize in any other manner 
whatsoever in connectio n with this Agreement , the content s / provision s 
thereof , other information relating to this Agreement, the Purpose, the 
Confidential Information or  other matter of this Agreement, without the prior 
written approval of the other party. <*$p$*>15. No person of the Bank or the Contractors and third parties shall adhere to guidelines relating to Social media usage. 16. Personnel should be mindful to avoid actions which exposes the Bank to actual or potential monetary loss or otherwise, reputation loss.<*$p$*>behalf of the party 
whose name appears below their signature.  
 
 
15. No person  of the Bank or the Contractors and third parties shall violate the 
Social media Policy of the Bank.  
 
 
16. The following acts on the part of personnel of the Bank or Contractors and 
third parties shall be construed as violation of Social Media Policy :  
 
a. Non-adherence to the standards / guidelines in relation to So cial Media 
Policy issued by the Bank from time to time.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
b. Any omission or commission which exposes the Bank to actual or 
potential monetary loss or otherwise, reputation loss on account of non -
adherence of Social Media related systems and procedures.  
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this agreement by their 
authorized representatives at the respective places mentioned thereto :- 
              
For and on behalf of the Offerer  
(to be signed with seal)  For and on behalf of CANARA BANK  
(to be sig ned with seal)  
  
  
Designation and Office Address:  Designation and Office Address:  
  
Date:  
 
Place of Execution:  Date:  
 
Place of Execution:  
 