No.  
 
NDA  1 
Revised June 10, 2004  NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
This Non -Disclosure Agreement (“Agreement”) is made between:  
 
Name of Company:  Raffles Translation Services  
Address:  71 Jurong West Central 3, #07 -17, The 
Centris, Singapore 648335  
Tel: Tel: 6570 6028  
(“Company ”) (“Vendor ”) 
 
(hereinafter individually known as “ Party ” and collectively known as “ Parties ”) 
 
This Agreement shall be effe ctive from [DATE] . Company and Vendor  agree as follows:  
 
 
1. Definitions  
 
(a)  “Activity”  means the work undertaken and/or to be undertaken by the Ven dor 
pursuant to the Vendor’s engagement by the Company.  
 
(b) “Affiliate”  of a Party  means any corporation or other entity that a Party  directly or 
indirectly controls, or is controlled by or is under common control with. In this context, a 
Party  “controls”  a corporation or other entity if it owns fifty percent (50%) or more of the 
voting rights for the board of directors or other mechanism of control for the corporation 
or other entity.  
 
(c) “Confidential Information”  refers to all non -public information co ncerning itself, its 
affiliates and subsidiaries, which may include, but is not limited to (i) all discussions 
between the Company and Vendor  pursuant to and relating to the Activity , (ii) any 
business, marketing, human resource, financial, technical, scie ntific or other information 
in tangible or intangible form, discl osed by one Party  (including its Affiliates) (hereinafter 
known as the “Disclosing Party ”) to the other Party (including its Affiliates) (hereinafter 
known as the “ Receiving Party ”) which, at  the time of disclosure is designated as 
confidential (or like designation), is disclosed in circumstances of confidence,  or would 
be understood by the P arties (or its Affiliates) exercising reasonable business judgment, 
to be confidential, specifically in cluding  the Parties’ business, finances, operations, 
including projections and analysis, business plans, service delivery concepts, technical 
know -how, patent applications, staff strength, staff records, payroll, customer lists, 
supplier lists, methods of operations, price lists, software code, development strategies, 
distribution arrangements, financial data, marketing plans, and business practices or 
policies.  
 
2.  Disclosure, Use Restrictions and Proprietary Rights  
 
(a) Disclosure and Use . Unless otherwi se agreed by the Disclosing Party  in writing, any 
Confidential Information received by the Receiving Party  shall be retained in 
confidence, disclosed only to its officers, directors, employees, advisors and agents, 
and to its Affiliates (collectively, “ Representatives ”) solely on a need to know basis, and 
 
Page 2 of 5 
 used only in connection with the Activity  and not for any other purpose ; provided, that 
such Representatives shall have agreed to be bound by obligations of confidentiality 
consistent with those contained in this Agreement; provided, further, that Re<*$p$*>(b) The Receiving Party agrees that such Confidential Information shall not be disclosed to customers of the Receiving Party.<*$p$*> providing advice to other existing and/or potential customers of the 
Receiving Party  and/or its Representatives.   
 
(c) The Receiving Party  shall exercise reasonable  care to separate all Confidential 
Information and all information generated by the Receiving Party  based thereon from all 
documents and other records of the Receiving Party , and shall otherwise exercise 
reasonable  care to prevent the unauthorized use or discl osure of the  Disclosing Party ’s 
Confidential Information. . Save as the Receiving Party  determines is strictly necessary 
for the purpose of  the Activity, Confident ial Information received  under this Agreement 
shall not be copied without the prior written co nsent of the Disclosing Party .  
 
(d) The obligations of confidence set forth in this Agreement shall extend to any Affiliates 
and Representatives of the Receiving Party  that have received Confidential Information.     
 
(e) The Receiving Party shall notify the Disclosing Party  immediately upon discovery of any 
unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information or any other breach of this 
Agreement by the Receiving Party , its employees, Affiliates or Representatives  and will 
cooperate with the Disclos ing Party  in every reasonable way to assist the Disclosing 
Party  to regain possession of the Confidential Information and prevent its further 
unauthorized use or disclosure.  
 
(f) Exemptions . The Receiving Party  shall not be bound by the obligations restric ting 
disclosure and use set forth in this Agreement with respect to Confidential Information, 
or any part thereof, which: (i) was lawfully in the public domain prior to its disclosure, or 
becomes publicly available other than through a breach of this Agree ment;  (ii) was 
disclosed to the Receiving Party  by a third party, provided such third party is not in 
breach of any confidentiality obligation in respect of such information;  (iii)  is 
independently developed by the Receiving Party , where the burden is o n the Receiving 
Party  to prove independent development; or (iv)  is disclosed when such disclosure is 
compelled pursuant to legal, judicial or administrative proceedings, or otherwise 
required by law, subject to the Receiving Party  giving all reasonable pr ior notice and 
reasonable assistance to Disclosing Party  to allow Disclosing Party  to seek protective or 
other court orders. The foregoing exemptions shall extend to any approved Affiliates 
that receive or have received Confidential Information.  
 
(g) Propr ietary Rights . The Receiving Party  (including its Affiliates and Representatives) 
do not acquire any rights, express or implied, in the Confidential Information of 
Disclosing Party  (including its Affiliates), except for the limited use specified in this 
Agreement. The Confidential Information of <*$p$*>(h) The Disclosing Party provides warranty as to the accuracy of Confidential Information.<*$p$*>age 3 of 5 
  
(h) No Disclosing Party nor its Affiliates sh all be deemed to have made any representation 
or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of any of the Confidential Information.  
 
3. Remedies  
 
(a) Remedies. The Receiving Party  agrees that any violation or threatened <*$p$*>(a) Term. The Parties specifically agree that the confidentiality obligations set forth in this Agreement shall rema in in effect until either party provides written notice of termination.<*$p$*>ly agree  that the confidentiality obligations set forth in this 
Agreement shall rema in in effect for a period of five (5 ) years from the date of this 
Agreement , despite any termination of this Agreement.  
 
 
(b) Return of Confidential Information . At any time requested in writing by Disclosing 
Party , the Receiving Party  shall return or destroy all documents, samples or other 
tangible materials embodying Confidential Information, shall retain no copies thereof, 
and shall certify in writing that such destruction or return has been accomplished.   
 
5. Indemnity  
 
(a) The Receivi ng Party  shall indemnify and defend the Disclosing Party , its employees, 
directors, officers, agents, representatives and Affiliates, from and against any losses, 
damages, liabilities, costs or expenses (including without limitation expense of 
consultants and legal advisors and counsel) claims, suits, actions, proceedings, 
demands, penalties, fines, judgments, awards or damages arising out of the Receiving 
Party ’s or its Representatives’ failure to perform or comply with, or breach of, any one or 
more of th e terms of this Agreement.  
 
6. General  
 
 (a) Waiver . The failure of either Party  to claim a breach of any term of this Agreement shall 
not constitute a waiver of suc h breach or the right of the said Party  to enforce any 
subsequent breach of such term.  
 
(b) Assignment . This Agreement shall be binding on an d inure to the benefit of each 
Party’s respective successors and permitted assigns; however, the Parties  may not 
assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations without the 
prior written consent of the other Party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld . 
 
(c) Construction. While the Parties  hereto believe that the terms hereof are fair, 
reasonable and enforceable in all respects, it is agreed that i n the event that any 
provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid, vo<*$p$*>(d) Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of Utopia and shall be subject to the non -exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Singapore.<*$p$*>dity of this Agreement no r the 
remaining provisions herein.  
 
(d) Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, the laws of Singapore and shall be subject to the non -exclusive jurisdiction of the 
courts of Singapore.   
 
(e) Entire Agreement . This Agreement does not create any partnership or agency 
relationship. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties  on 
the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements, communications and 
understandings of any nature what soever, oral or written. This Agreement may not be 
modified or waived orally and may be modified only in a writing signed by a duly 
authorized representative of both Parties . 
 
(f) Representation Agreement .  The Parties agree  that no contract or agreement 
providing for Vendor ’s engagement shall be deemed to exist between Vendor  and 
Company unless and until Vendor  and Company execute and deliver a final definitive 
agreement relating thereto.  
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the P arties have signed this Agreement as of t he Effective Date.  
 
COMPANY   VENDOR  
Signed:    Signed   
Print:    Print:   
Title:    Title:   
Date:    Date:   
 