 
 
 
VMware, Inc. 3401 Hillview Avenue Palo Alto CA 94304 USA Tel 877 -486-9273 Fax 650 -427-5001  www.vmware.com  
Copyright © 2017  VMware, Inc. All rights reserved. This product is protected by U.S. and international copyright and intellectual property law s. VMware products are covered by one or more 
patents listed at  http://www.vmware.com/go/patents. VMware is a registered trademark or trademark of VMware, Inc. in the United States and/or other  jurisdictions. All other marks and names 
mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective companies.         Rev: 112917  
CERTIFICATION POLICY  
NONDISCLOSURE AGREEM ENT /  
CONDUCT POLICY  
 
 
Recipient agrees that all information disclosed by the Company to Recipient, including witho ut limitation information acquired by 
Recipient from Company employees or inspection of the Company’s property, relating to (without limitation) the Company’s 
products, designs, business plans, business opportunities, finances, research, development, know -how or personnel, and 
confidential information disclosed to the Company by third parties, shall be considered Confidential Information. Recipient agrees 
to maintain the confidence of the Confidential Information and to prevent its unauthorized dissemination; provided however, that 
Confidential Information shall not include information which (i) is now or subsequently becomes generally known or available by 
publication, commercial use or otherwise, through no fault of Recipient, (ii) is known by Recipient at  the time of disclosure, (iii) is 
independently developed by Recipient without the use of any Confidential Information, (iv) is lawfully obtained by Recipient from a 
third party without violation of a confidentiality obligation, or (v) the Company agrees i n writing may be disclosed by Recipient.  
Recipient expressly agrees not to use the Confidential Information for purposes other than those necessary to consider the 
possibility of entering into a business relationship with the Company.  
All Confidential Information remains the property of the Company and no license or other rights in the Confidential Informati on is 
granted hereby. All information is provided “as is” and without any warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, regarding its accuracy 
or performance. Recipient agrees to return to the Company immediately upon the Company’s written request all Confidential 
Information, including but not limited to all computer programs, documentation, notes, plans, drawings, and copies thereof. 
<*$p$*>Recipient agree<*$p$*>Recipient agrees that the Company may seek remedies for breaches of this Agreement.<*$p$*>in addition to any other rights and remedies it may have.  
This Agreem ent shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California as they 
apply to contracts entered into and wholly to be performed in the State of California. The federal and state courts within the State 
of Calif ornia shall have exclusive jurisdiction t<*$p$*>Prior to taking YOUR exam, you will be required to accept the terms.<*$p$*>u will view the agreement on  screen before the exam starts. If you choose NOT to agree to the 
NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT (NDA) after you select Begin  Exam, your exam will be immediately cancelled and you will forfeit 
your e xam fee.  
BY CLICKING THE “YES, I AGREE” BUTTON ON THE EXAM ENTRY SCREEN, YOU STATE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND 
UNDERSTAND THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND C ONDITIONS. IF YOU 
SELECT THE "NO, I DO NOT AGREE" BUTTON, YOU WILL BE EXITED FROM THE EXAM.  