Exhibit (d)(2)
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
This Non-Disclosure Agreement (the “Agreement”)
is made and entered into effective December 18, 2017 by and between
Pareteum Corporation
, a Delaware corporation having
its corporate address at:  100 Park Avenue, Suite 1600, New York City, New York 10017, USA (“TEUM”), and
iPass
Inc.
, a Delaware corporation having its address at: 3800 Bridge Parkway, Redwood Shores, California 94065, USA (“iPass”),
either both of which may be hereinafter referred to as "the Party" or "the Parties."
WHEREAS
The Parties desire to discuss certain business
transactions and to exchange information for the purpose of exploring a potential business relationship for the benefit of the
Parties and/or to sign a business contract that shall include confidential technical or business information of each Party or entitle
each Party to exchange information for the execution of this business contract. In order to facilitate these discussions and in
order for the Parties to receive from each other, either orally or in writing, certain technical and business information under
terms that will protect the confidential and proprietary nature of such information, the Parties have entered into this Agreement.
NOW THEREFORE, THE PARTIES AGREE AS
FOLLOWS;
1.
The Definition of "Confidential Information":
The term "Confidential Information"
shall mean all information disclosed by one Party to the other Party, whether orally, in written, electronic or other format, and
whether disclosed by a Party’s agents, principals, employees or representatives, and whether to the other Party's agent's
principals, employees or representatives. “Confidential Information” shall include, without limitation, all ideas improvements,
inventions, methodologies, works and other innovations of any kind, authored, conceived, developed, made or reduced to practice
by the disclosing Party, whether or not eligible for copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other legal protection (including,
without limitation, formulas, processes, databases, mechanical and electronic hardware, electronic components, computers and their
parts, computer programs and their documentation, encoding techniques, marketing and new product plans, production, processes,
advertising, packaging and marketing techniques, marketing plans, product plans, technical plans, business strategies, strategic
alliances and partners, financial information, engineering data, methodologies and processes, forecasts, personnel information,
customer and prospective customer lists, trade secrets, product design, capabilities, specifications, the identify of potential
and actual customers, and suppliers and all documentation, materials and media provided by one Party to the other).
2.
Protection of "Confidential Information":
In consideration of each Party's disclosure
of Confidential Information to the other Party, each Party agrees with respect to the Confidential Information received from the
other Party, that it:
(a)
shall maintain such Confidential Information in the strictest confidence;
Pareteum Corporation | 100 Park Ave. | Suite 1600 | New York | NY 10017 | United States
Tel. +1 (212) 984.1096
www.Pareteum.com
NYSE MKT: TEUM
(b)
shall not disclose, transfer or otherwise make available any of such Confidential Information to
any third party, unless such Confidential Information must be disclosed for the purposes contemplated herein, or under legal compulsion
to disclose any such Confidential Information, in which event each Party shall, prior to such disclosure, obtain written consent
from the other Party and obtain from the third person a written agreement acknowledging the binding effect of these restrictions
regarding the Confidential Information; and
(c)
shall not directly, indirectly or in concert with any person, use the Confidential Information
for any purpose other than evaluating the prospective business relationship with the other Party in accordance with the introduction
.
Each Party shall take reasonable
measures to protect the Confidential Information of the other Party. Those measures shall not be less than the measures taken to
protect the receiving Party’s own confidential information. Confidential Information of the other Party may be provided to
a Party’s employees only on a need-to-know basis, and prior to such provision, the Party will notify each employee to whom
such disclosure is made that such Confidential Information is received in confidence and shall be kept in confidence by such employee.
3.
Excluded Information:
This Agreement shall not apply to any information:
(a)
that has been or which becomes publicly known, through no wrongful act of either Party;
(b)
which is required to be disclosed in order to comply with applicable law or regulation or with
any requirement imposed by judicial or administrative process or any governmental or court order.
4.
No Licenses or Warranties:
Each Party’s Confidential Information and all rights thereto
shall remain such Party’s sole property. Each Party recognizes that the disclosure of Confidential Information by the disclosing
Party shall not be construed as granting any rights, by license or otherwise, concerning any Confidential Information, except as
may be explicitly created by this Agreement. Each Party acknowledges that the other Party’s Confidential Information includes
valuable trade secrets. Neither Party has any obligation to disclose Confidential Information to the other Party. NEITHER PARTY
MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY AS TO THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CONDITION, FITNESS and MERCHANTABILITY, OR PERFORMANCE OF
ITS CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.<*$p$*>5. Remedies: If either Party causes a disclosure of the other Party’s Confidential Information in breach of the terms of this Agreement, the disclosing Party may, at its sole discretion, report in writing the disclosure to the other Party. The disclosing party is not obligated to defend, indemnify, or hold harmless the non-disclosing party. Each Party acknowledges that unauthorized disclosure, use or disposition of any Confidential Information may or may not cause harm to the disclosing Party. Each Party agrees that the disclosing Party may, but is not required to, seek legal remedies for any breach of this Agreement.<*$p$*>.<*$p$*>6. Return of "Confidential Information": Confidential Information need not be returned unless specifically requested and the receiving party agrees to do so. The method of return, or destruction, if applicable, will be determined by the receiving party at their sole discretion. There is no requirement to certify destruction.<*$p$*>.
Pareteum Corporation | 100 Park Ave. | Suite 1600 | New York | NY 10017 | United States
Tel. +1 (212) 984.1096
www.Pareteum.com
NYSE MKT: TEUM
7.
Securities:
Parties hereby acknowledge, covenant and agree that they are aware that United
States securities laws may prohibit any person who has material, non-public information about a company (including a Party) from
purchasing or selling, directly or indirectly, securities of a company (including the Parties), or from communicating such information
to any other person under circumstances in which it is reasonably foreseeable that such person is likely to purchase or sell such
securities.<*$p$*>8. Prohibition of Disclosure: Either Party hereto may disclose or publicize the Confidential Information, discussions that gave rise to this Agreement, the discussions or negotiations covered by this Agreement, this Agreement without first obtaining the prior written consent of the other Party. The original text said that neither parties can disclose without consent, now both parties can disclose<*$p$*>.<*$p$*>9. Term, Assignment and Survival: This Agreement shall automatically renew every year unless one party provides 30-day written notice of termination. Each Party’s obligations with respect to the Confidential Information shall automatically terminate upon the termination of this Agreement. This Agreement and all rights hereunder, in whole or in part, shall be freely assignable or otherwise transferable by either Party.<*$p$*>.
10.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction:
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of New York, United States of America. In the event of any disputes arising under this Agreement, the
undersigned Parties without regard to any principles of conflicts of laws and waiving any defenses of forum non conveniens hereby
submit to the exclusive personal and subject matter jurisdiction of the State and Federal Courts situated in the Borough of Manhattan,
New York, New York.
11.
Waiver:
No failure by either Party to exercise any rights arising from default by the other
Party shall impair that right or constitute a waiver of it. No waiver by either Party of any covenant to be performed by the other
shall constitute a waiver of any later breach of covenant.
12.
Counterparts:
This Agreement may be executed in two signed copies, each of which when taken
together shall be deemed but one original.
13.
Severability:
The validity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement
shall no affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof, which shall remain in full force and effect.
14.
Entire Agreement; Amendment:
This Agreement contains the entire understandings between and
among the Parties and supersedes any prior understanding and agreements among them respecting the subject matter hereof. No amendment
to this Agreement shall be valid unless set forth in writing and signed by both Parties.
15.
Notices:
All notices required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be sent
by nationally recognized overnight courier service, or by registered or certified mail, to the addresses stated in the heading
of this Agreement. Unless otherwise specified, notices shall be deemed given when the return receipt is received.
16.
Non-solicitation/Non-circumvention
. iPass understands, acknowledges and agrees, AS
A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR TEUM TO MAKE AND ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT, that with respect to any customer or prospective customer
opportunities that are identified by TEUM (collectively, the “
TEUM Leads
”) to iPass, that iPass shall
not negotiate directly or indirectly solicit or otherwise attempt to cause the TEUM Leads enter into any form of agreement with
iPass without the consent of TEUM, which consent may be given or withheld in TEUM’s sole discretion. In addition to the foregoing,
and without limitation thereof, iPass shall not circumvent or otherwise engage in any form of direct or indirect communications
with any TEUM Leads without the prior written approval of TEUM, which approval may be given or withheld in TEUM’s sole discretion.
[REMAINDER
OF PAGE LEFT BLANK. SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGE.]
Pareteum Corporation | 100 Park Ave. | Suite 1600 | New York | NY 10017 | United States
Tel. +1 (212) 984.1096
www.Pareteum.com
NYSE MKT: TEUM
[SIGNATURE
PAGE TO NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT]
IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representatives as of the
date and year written above
.
Pareteum Corporation
/s/ Denis McCarthy
Name: Denis McCarthy
Title: SVP Corporate Developement
Date: February 15, 2018
iPass:
/s/ Darin Vickery
Name: Darin VIckery
Title: CFO
Date: December 20, 2017
Email: ............................................
Pareteum Corporation | 100 Park Ave. | Suite 1600 | New York | NY 10017 | United States
Tel. +1 (212) 984.1096
www.Pareteum.com
NYSE MKT: TEUM