21499249 
  CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON- DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
GOVERNING THE INSPECTION OF STOCKHOLDER LIST 
This Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Agreement Governing the Inspection of 
Stockholder List (the “Agreement”) is entere d into between Patriot Scientific Corporation 
(the “Company”), and the “Stockholder”.  The Company and the Stockholder are each 
individually referred to herein as a “Party” and are collectively referred to as the “Parties.”   
WHEREAS, on or about April 30, 2015, the Stockholder made a demand (the “Demand”) to 
inspect the stockholder list of <*$p$*>WHEREAS, pursuant to the Demand and subject to the Stockholder executing this Agreement, the Company may allow the Stockholder to inspect the stockholder list (which, together with info rmation or analyses derived fr om information made available for inspection, is referred to as the “Confidential Material”);<*$p$*>dential Material”); 
WHEREAS, the Company believes that stockholder list contains confidential information;  IT IS HEREBY AGREED, by and between the Parties, this  30
th day of April 2015, as follows: 
1. Stockholder agrees that the Confidential Material is being produced to them only for 
purposes reasonably related to Stockholder’ s interests as a stockholder of the Company 
and that Stockholder shall not utilize Conf idential Material, any other information 
produced by the Company or anything derive d from Confidential Material or derived 
from any other information produced by the Company for a<*$p$*>The Stockholder will disclose, publish, or communicate Confidential Material to any person or entity in any form (written, oral , electronic or through any other medium), either directly or indirectly, except as pr ovided in this Confidentiality Agreement to end; provided that in no event shall stockh older, directly or indirectly, publically disclose, publish or communicate names, addr esses, holdings of any other stockholder.<*$p$*> of any other stockholder. 
3. If the Stockholder is required (by interrogatory, subpoena, civil investigatory demand, 
or any similar process relating to any legal proceeding, investigation, hearing, or 
otherwise) to disclose in any manner any Co nfidential Material, the Stockholder will 
provide the Company with prompt  notice (i.e., within 2 business days of receipt of such 
interrogatory, subpoena, dema nd, or any similar process), so that the Company may 
seek a protective order or other appropriat e remedy and/or waive compliance with this 
Agreement in the event that such protective order or other remedy is not obtained, or if 
the Company waives compliance with the provisions of this Agreement, the 
Stockholder may furnish only such Confidential  Material as they are advised is legally 
required and must exercise their best effo rts to obtain assurance that confidential 
treatment will be accorded to any Confidential Material. 
4. Each Party who receives Confidential Material pursuant to this Agreement agrees to 
submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the De laware Court of Chancery in any action to 
enforce any provision of, or based on any ri ght or claim arising out of, this Agreement 
21499249 
  including any action to determine any dispute as to the confidentiality of any 
information or document produced by the Company.  Each Party hereby expressly 
waives any and all objections such Party may ha ve to personal jurisdiction or to venue, 
including without limitation th e inconvenience<*$p$*>Each Party agrees that the Company does have an adequate remedy at law in the event of a breach of this Agreement by the Stockholder. The Parties further agree that, in the event of a breach of this Agreement by the Stockholder, the Company will suffer irreparable harm and will be entitled to specific performance and/or injunctive relief to enforce the terms of this Agreement. Such remedies shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedies for any breach of this Agreement but shall be in addition to any other remedies to which the Company ma y be entitled at law or in equity.<*$p$*>hich the Company ma y be entitled at law or in equity. 
6. This Agreement may not be amended, chan ged, waived, discharged, or terminated 
(except as explicitly provided herein), in wh ole or in part, except by an instrument in 
writing that refers specifically to this Agre ement and that is signed by the Party against 
whom enforcement of such amendment, chan ge, waiver, discharge, or termination is 
sought.  The waiver by any Party of any breach  of this Agreement will not be deemed or 
construed as a waiver of any other breach of  this Agreement, whether prior, subsequent, 
or contemporaneous.  No failure or delay in  exercising any right, power, or privilege 
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. 
7. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their 
respective agents, executors, heirs, be neficiaries, successors, and assigns. 
8. This Agreement shall be governed by and cons trued in accordance with the laws of the 
State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws principles. 
9. This Agreement may be executed in multiple  counterparts by any of the signatories 
hereto and as so executed shall constitute one agreement. 
10. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with regard to the 
subject matter hereof, and supersedes all pr ior agreements and understandings, written 
and oral, between the Parties with regard to the subject matter hereof.  
11. This Agreement will be deemed to have been mutually prepared by the Parties and will 
not be construed against either of them by reason of authorship. 
 