Annex 5
Non Disclosure Agreement
Introduction
This Non Disclosure Agreement (the "NDA") is made by and between the
Ministry of Defence of the Kingdom of Norway ("NMOD") and Gripen
International AB ("GI"), a business unit of Saab AB (publ), hereinafter jointly
referred to as the "Parties" and individually referred to as "Party".
The Parties:
are referring to the letter of agreement between NMOD and GI
concerning industrial participation in further development of Gripen and
related projects  (the "LOA");
noting their wish to exchange information for the purpose of conducting
evaluations of the Gripen aircraft, and pursuing discussions and work
related to the Gripen Demonstrator Programme and other Gripen and
defence related projects ("LOA Projects");
noting that such exchange of information may involve the disclosure of
confidential information by either Party, and that the Parties wish to
record their agreement to maintain the confidentiality of such information;
noting that exchanging information with GI shall also include exchanging
information with Saab and upon such disclosure Saab shall confirm and
be bound of the terms and conditions contained herein as if Saab was a
Party to the NDA;
noting that exchanging information with the NMOD shall also include
other Norwegian authorities and upon such disclosure said Norwegian
authority shall confirm and be bound of the terms and conditions
contained herein as if said Norwegian authority was a Party to the NDA.
NOW, THEREFORE,  the parties agree as follows:
Clause 1
Confidential Information  - information of whatever kind and in whatever form
contained (and includes in particular but without prejudice to the generality of
the foregoing, documents, drawings, computerized information, films, tapes,
specifications, designs, models, equipment or data of any kind) which is clearly
identified by the Disclosing Party as confidential by an appropriate legend or if
orally disclosed then upon disclosure or within 30 days of such oral disclosure
identified in writing by the Disclosing Party as confidential.
Disclosing  Party - the party from time to time disclosing Confidential
Information.
1
Receiving  Party - the party from time to time receiving Confidential Informat<*$p$*>Clause 2 Subject to the terms of the NDA the Receiving Party hereby undertakes to the Disclosing Party: a) that it shall treat the Confidential Information directly or indirectly disclosed to it by the Disclosing Party as strictly confidential and will not without obtaining the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party disclose any part of the Confidential Information to any third party, except where compelled by law or regulation; b) that it may make use of any part of the Confidential Information disclosed to it by the Disclosing Party for purposes other than LOA purposes with the Disclosing Party’s written consent; c) that it shall give access to the Confidential Information only to its employees, regardless of whether they need access to the Confidential Information for LOA purposes and will ensure that such employees adhere to the obligations and restrictions contained in the NDA; d) that it may copy or reproduce in any form any of the Confidential Information disclosed to it by the Disclosing Party; and e) that it is not required to keep a current record of all copies and reproductions of the Confidential Information.<*$p$*> Informat<*$p$*>Clause 3 The obligations under the NDA apply to all information of the Disclosing Party, even if: a) at the time of disclosure or thereafter available to the public generally through no failure on the part of the Receiving Party; b) known to the Receiving Party at the time of its disclosure; c) disclosed to the Receiving Party by a third party having the right to disclose Confidential Information and without restrictions as to use or disclosure; or d) developed independently by the Receiving Party without use of or reference to the Confidential Information received.<*$p$*>ived.
2
Clause 4
The Confidential  Information shall remain the sole property of the Disclosing
Party.
The Disclosing Party makes no representation, warranty, assurance, or
inducement, express or implied, as to the Confidential Information's adequacy,
sufficiency, or freedom from defect of any kind, including but not limited to,
freedom from patent infringement that may result from use of such know-how
information, nor shall the Disclosing Party incur any responsibility or obligation
by reason of such Confidential Information, except as specifically provided
herein.
The Receiving Party shall under no circumstances obtain any right in the
Disclosing Party's patents, trademark or know-how by reason of the NDA.
Clause 5
Either Party shall, upon 30 days written request by the other Party, return to the
other party all Confidential Information which the latter has disclosed to the
former, together with all copies or reproductions thereof together with a
confirmation in writing that the Confidential Information in computerized form
has been destroyed.
Furthermore, at the request of the Disclosing Party the Receiving Party shall
immediately cease to use the Confidential Information for any purposes
whatsoever.
Clause 6
The NDA may also involve the exchange of classified information (which may or
may not be Confidential Information), the handling of which shall be treated by
the Parties according to applicable laws and regulations and other administrative
acts and policies, now or hereinafter in effect.
Clause 7
Nothing in the NDA may be construed as compelling one Party to disclose any
information to the other Party.
3
Clause 8
The Receiving Party shall notify the Disclosing Party immediately if it becomes
aware that Confidential Information has been disclosed to or is in the
possession of any person who is not authorized by the NDA to receive
Confidential Informa<*$p$*>Clause 9 Either Party may assign or transfer (including but not limited to sublicense) any of its rights or obligations under the NDA with written approval.<*$p$*>he NDA.
Clause 10
For the purpose of exchanging Confidential Information and other communication
the following persons are authorized contact persons:
For GI:
Fredrik Gustafsson
Campaign Manager, Gripen International
SE-581 88 Linkoping
Sweden
For NMOD:
Norwegian Defence Logistic Organisation
New Fighter Aircraft Project (P7600)
Att: Lt. col. Geir Nilssen
P.box 10
2027 Kjeller
Norway
A change of a contact person shall be notified in writing.
Clause 11
The NDA constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to
its subject matter and shall not be changed except by written agreement signed
by both Parties.
Clause 12
The NDA  shall become effective on the date on the date of signatures and shall
be valid for a period of two years thereafter, when it shall automatically expire
4
unless otherwise agreed in writing between the parties. However, all Confidential
Information exchanged during the validity hereof shall be subject to the
obligations and restrictions under the NDA (including the undertakings in Clause
13 and 14 below) for a period of five years following expiration or other
termination of the NDA.
Clause 13
The NDA shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws and
regulations of Norway.
Clause 14
Any disputes between the Parties arising out of or in connection with the NDA
and which cannot be settled amicably shall be settled in the common court of
law. The legal venue is Oslo tingrett, Norway.
The NDA has been executed in two originals of which the Parties have received
one each.
For The Ministry of Defence For Gripen International AB
of the Kingdom of Norway
Name: Pål Bjørseth Name: Anders Frisen
Title: Deputy Director General Title: Commerci I Director
Signature
................ f/.. ......
Place and date................................... ...........
gnaturej,{
r
Place and date
5