EX-99.D.3
Exhibit (d)(3)
MUTUAL
NON-DISCLOSURE
AGREEMENT
THIS MUTUAL
NON-DISCLOSURE
AGREEMENT (“
Agreement
”) is being entered into as of
May 14, 2018 (the “
Effective Date
”), between ALTAIR ENGINEERING INC. (the “
Partner
”) and DATAWATCH CORPORATION (the “
Datawatch
” and, together with Partner, each a “
Party
” and
collectively the “
Parties
”).
In order to facilitate the consideration and negotiation of a possible transaction
involving the Parties, the Parties may exchange certain
non-public
information regarding the Parties and their respective subsidiaries. This Agreement sets forth the Parties’ obligations regarding the use
and disclosure of such information and regarding various related matters.
The Parties, intending to be legally bound, acknowledge and
agree as follows:
1.
Limitations on Use and Disclosure of Confidential Information
. <*$p$*>Subject to Section 3 below, a Recipient (as defined in Section 11 below) and its Representatives (as defined in Section 12 below) may, at any time, directly or indirectly: (a) make use of the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information (as previously defined or undefined in Section 11 below), for any purpose, including but not limited to considering, evaluating, and negotiating a transaction between the Parties; or (b) disclose the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information to any Person (as defined in Section 12 below) without any limitations. A Recipient will not be liable or responsible for any actions taken by its Representatives regarding the use or disclosure of potentially confidential information. A Recipient is not obligated to take any actions to prevent the use or disclosure of information previously provided by the disclosing party.<*$p$*>
2.
No Representations by Disclosing Party
. Neither a
Disclosing Party nor any of such Disclosing Party’s Representatives will be under any obligation to make any particular Confidential Information of such Disclosing Party available to a Recipient or any of such Recipient’s Representatives.
Neither a Disclosing Party nor any of its Representatives has made or is making any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of any of such Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information, and neither such
Disclosing Party nor any of its Representatives will have any liability to the Recipient or to any of the Recipient’s Representatives relating to or resulting from the use of any of such Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information or any
inaccuracies or errors therein or omissions therefrom. Only those representations and warranties (if any) that are included in any final definitive written agreement that provides for the consummation of a negotiated transaction between the Parties
and is validly executed on behalf of the Parties (a “
Definitive Agreement
”) will have legal effect.
3.
Permitted Disclosures
.
(a) Notwithstanding the limitations set forth in Section 1 above:
(i) the Recipient may disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party if and to the extent that the Disclosing Party consents
in writing (including without limitation email from a senior executive of the Disclosing Party) to the Recipient’s disclosure thereof;
(ii) the Recipient may disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to any Representative of the Recipient, but only to the
extent such Representative (A) reasonably needs to know such Confidential Information for the purpose of helping the Recipient consider, evaluate or negotiate a possible transaction between the Parties, and (B) has been provided with a
copy of this Agreement, has been instructed to abide by the provisions hereof and is under an obligation to maintain the confidentiality of such Confidential Information; and
(iii) subject to Section 3(c) below, the Recipient may disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to the extent
required by applicable law or governmental regulation or by valid legal process.
(b) [Reserved]
(c) Notwithstanding the limitations set forth in Section 1 above, if the Recipient or any of the Recipient’s Representatives is
required by law or governmental or other regulation or by subpoena or other valid legal process to disclose any of the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information to any Person, then the Recipient will promptly provide the Disclosing Party with
written notice of the applicable law, regulation or process so that the Disclosing Party may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy. The Recipient and its Representatives will cooperate fully with the Disclosing Party and the Disclosing
Party’s Representatives in any attempt by the Disclosing Party to obtain any such protective order or other remedy. If the Disclosing Party elects not to seek, or is unsuccessful in obtaining, any such protective order or other remedy in
connection with any requirement that the Recipient disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party, then the Recipient may disclose such Confidential Information to the extent legally required without liability hereunder;.
4.
Return of Confidential Information
. Upon the Disclosing Party’s written request (including without limitation email), the
Recipient and the Recipient’s Representatives will promptly deliver to the Disclosing Party any of the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information (and all copies thereof) obtained or possessed by the Recipient or any of the
Recipient’s Representatives; provided, however, that, in lieu of delivering to the Disclosing Party any such Confidential Information, the Recipient may destroy such Confidential Information and deliver to the Disclosing Party a certificate
confirming its destruction. <*$p$*>The Recipient is not obligated to return or destroy any Confidential Information, and the Recipient and its Representatives will have no further confidentiality obligations after the termination of discussions. The Recipient is permitted to retain and use all Confidential Information without restriction. 2 5. Solicitation of Employees is permitted at any time. Parties and their representatives may freely solicit, hire, or induce employees of the other party without limitation. 6.<*$p$*>
Standstill Provision
. During the
one-year
period commencing on
the Effective Date (the “
Standstill Period
”), each Party (hereinafter a “Restricted Party”) agrees that it will not, in any manner, directly or indirectly:
(a) make, effect, initiate, propose, cause, participate in or knowingly encourage (i) any acquisition of beneficial ownership of any
securities of the other Party (“Other Party”) or any securities of any subsidiary of the Other Party, (ii) any acquisition of any material assets of the Other Party or the Other Party’s subsidiaries outside the ordinary course of
business, (iii) any tender offer, exchange offer, merger, business combination, recapitalization, restructuring, liquidation, dissolution or extraordinary transaction involving the Other Party or the Other Party’s subsidiaries, or
involving any securities or material assets of the Other Party or the Other Party’s subsidiaries, or (iv) any “solicitation” of “proxies” (as those terms are used in the proxy rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission) or consents with respect to any securities of the Other Party;
(b) form or join a “group” (as defined in the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules promulgated thereunder) with respect to the beneficial ownership of any securities of the Other Party;
(c) act, alone or in concert with others, to seek to control the management, board of directors or policies of the Other Party;
(d) take any action that would reasonably be likely to require the Other Party to make a public announcement regarding any of the types of
matters set forth in clause “(a)” of this sentence; or
(e) enter into any arrangement or agreement with any other Person
relating to any of the foregoing.
3
<*$p$*>Regardless of any events, including but not limited to a Change of Control Transaction or any offer by a third party, the restrictions set forth in this Section 6 will remain in full force and effect for the entirety of the Standstill Period. All communications to the board of directors of the Other Party, whether public or private, are strictly prohibited.<*$p$*>
7.
No Obligation to Pursue Transaction
.
Unless the Parties enter into a Definitive Agreement, no agreement providing for a transaction involving either of the Parties will be deemed to exist between the Parties, and neither Party will be under any obligation to negotiate or enter into any
such agreement or transaction with the other Party. Each Party reserves the right, in its sole discretion: (a) to conduct any process it deems appropriate with respect to any transaction or proposed transaction involving such Party and to
modify any procedures relating to any such process without giving notice to the other Party or any other Person; (b) to reject any proposal made by the other Party or any of the other Party’s Representatives with respect to a transaction
involving such Party; and (c) to terminate discussions and negotiations with the other Party at any time. Each Party recognizes that, except as expressly provided in any binding written agreement between the Parties that is executed on or after
the Effective Date: (i) the other Party and its Representatives will be free to negotiate with, and to enter into any agreement or transaction with, any other interested party; and (ii) such Party will not have any rights or claims against
the other Party or any of the other Party’s Representatives arising out of or relating to any transaction or proposed transaction involving the other Party.
8.
No Waiver
. No failure or delay by either Party or any of its Representatives in exercising any right, power or privilege under this
Agreement will operate as a waiver thereof, and no single or partial exercise of any such right, power or privilege will preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege under this Agreement. No
provision of this Agreement can be waived or amended except by means of a written instrument that is validly executed on behalf of both of the Parties and that refers specifically to the particular provision or provisions being waived or amended.
4
9.
Remedies
. <*$p$*>Each Party agrees that money damages are the sole and exclusive remedy for any breach of this Agreement. Equitable relief, including injunction and specific performance, will not be available. In the event of litigation relating to this Agreement, each party will be responsible for their own legal fees and costs, regardless of the outcome or any determination of breach.<*$p$*>
10.
Successors and Assigns; Applicable Law; Jurisdiction and Venue
. <*$p$*>This Agreement will not be binding upon any party and does not inure to the benefit of any Party or its Representatives, successors, or assigns. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of the Recipient’s principal place of business and will be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts in that state. Each Party: (a) may revoke consent and submission to the jurisdiction of any court at any time; (b) agrees that service of process must be made in person; (c) may object to the laying of venue in any court; and (d) may plead or claim that any action has been brought in an inconvenient forum.<*$p$*>
11.
Confidential Information
. For purposes of this Agreement, “
Confidential
Information
” will be deemed to
include only the following information disclosed by one Party (a “
Disclosing Party
”) to the other Party (a “
Recipient
”):
(a) any information (including any technology,
know-how,
patent application, test result, research
study, business plan, budget, forecast or projection) relating directly or indirectly to the business of the Disclosing Party, any predecessor entity or any subsidiary or other affiliate of the Disclosing Party (whether prepared by the Disclosing
Party or by any other Person and whether or not in written form) that is or that has been made available to the Recipient or any Representative of the Recipient by or on behalf of the Disclosing Party or any Representative of the Disclosing Party,
regardless of the manner in which it was made available;
(b) any memorandum, analysis, compilation, summary, interpretation, study,
report or other document, record or material that is or has been prepared by or for the Recipient or any Representative of the Recipient to the extent that it contains, reflects, interprets or is based directly or indirectly upon any information of
the type referred to in clause “(a)” of this sentence (“Recipient Work Product”);
5
(c) the existence and terms of this Agreement, and the fact that information of the type
referred to in clause “(a)” of this sentence has been made available to the Recipient or any of its Representatives; and
(d) the fact that discussions or negotiations are or may be taking place with respect to a possible transaction involving the Parties, and
the proposed terms, conditions or other facts with respect to any such transaction, including the status thereof.
However, a Disclosing Party’s
“
Confidential Information
” will not be deemed to include:
(i) any information that is or becomes generally available
to the public other than as a direct or indirect result of the disclosure of any of such information by the Recipient or by any of the Recipient’s Representatives in breach or in violation of this Agreement;
(ii) any information that was in the Recipient’s possession prior to the time it was first made available to the Recipient or any of
the Recipient’s Representatives by or on behalf of the Disclosing Party or any of the Disclosing Party’s Representatives as evidenced by the written records of Recipient, provided that the source of such information was not known to the
Recipient to be bound by any contractual or other obligation of confidentiality to the Disclosing Party or to any other Person with respect to any of such information;
(iii) any information that becomes available to the Recipient on a
non-confidential
basis from a
source other than the Disclosing Party or any of the Disclosing Party’s Representatives, provided that such source is not known to the Recipient to be bound by any contractual or other obligation of confidentiality to the Disclosing Party or to
any other Person with respect to any of such information; or
(iv) is independently developed by the Recipient without use of or
reference to any of the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information.
12.
Miscellaneous; Termination
.
(a) For purposes of this Agreement, a Party’s “
Representatives
” will be deemed to include each Person that is or becomes
(i) a subsidiary or other affiliate of such Party, or (ii) an officer, director, employee, partner, attorney, advisor, accountant, agent or representative of such Party or of any of such Party’s subsidiaries or other affiliates.
(b) The term “
Person
,” as used in this Agreement, will be broadly interpreted to include any individual and any corporation,
partnership, entity, group, tribunal or governmental authority.
(c) The bold-faced captions appearing in this Agreement have been included
only for convenience and shall not affect or be taken into account in the interpretation of this Agreement.
6
(d) Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any
situation in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions hereof or the validity or enforceability of the offending term or provision in any other situation or in any other jurisdiction.
(e) By making Confidential Information or other information available to a Recipient or a Recipient’s Representatives, a Disclosing Party
is not, and shall not be deemed to be, granting (expressly or by implication) any license or other right under or with respect to any patent, trade secret, copyright, trademark or other proprietary or intellectual property right.
(f) To the extent that any Confidential Information includes materials or other information that may be subject to the attorney-client
privilege, work product doctrine or any other applicable privilege or doctrine concerning any Confidential Information or any pending, threatened or prospective action, suit, proceeding, investigation, arbitration or dispute, it is acknowledged and
agreed that the Parties have a commonality of interest with respect to such Confidential Information or action, suit, proceeding, investigation, arbitration or dispute and that it is the Parties’ mutual desire, intention and understanding that
the sharing of such materials and other information is not intended to, and shall not, affect the confidentiality of any of such materials or other information or waive or diminish the continued protection of any of such materials or other
information under the attorney-client privilege, work product doctrine or other applicable privilege or doctrine. Accordingly, all Confidential Information that is entitled to protection under the attorney-client privilege, work product doctrine or
other applicable privilege or doctrine shall remain entitled to protection thereunder and shall be entitled to protection under the joint defense doctrine, and the Parties agree to take all measures necessary to preserve, to the fullest extent
possible, the applicability of all such privileges or doctrines.
(g) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties
regarding the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior agreement between the Parties regarding the subject matter hereof.
(h) This
Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute one agreement. The exchange of a fully executed Agreement (in counterparts or otherwise) by
electronic transmission or by facsimile shall be sufficient to bind the parties to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
(i) Except
as otherwise set forth herein, this Agreement shall terminate on the second anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, that (i) the restrictions and covenants set forth in this Agreement relating to Confidential Information
consisting of or relating to trade secrets, intellectual property, intellectual property rights and/or technical information shall terminate on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date; and (ii) the termination of this Agreement shall not
relieve any Party from any liability with respect to any violation or breach of any provision contained in this Agreement.
[Remainder of
page intentionally left blank]
7
The Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the Effective Date.
DATAWATCH CORPORATION
ALTAIR ENGINEERING INC.
By:
/s/ James L. Eliason
By:
/s/ James R Scapa
Name:
James L. Eliason
Name:
James R Scapa
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
Title:
Chief Executive Officer
Date:
May 15, 2018
Date:
May
14, 2018