The Corporation of t he Town of  The Blue 
Mountains  
Information Technology, Confidentiality, Non -Disclosure and 
Data Security Agreement  
This Agreement  entered into and effective this  day of  , 2018, between 
the Town of  The Blue Mountains  (Town ) and  (Provider)  
hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Parties ” or singularly referred to as the “P arty”. 
Whereas  the Town  and the Provider enter into the provision of services by t he Town  for 
 . 
And Whereas  the Town is willing to disclose  to the Provider , upon terms and conditions 
hereinafter set forth, Confidential Information in order that meaningful discussions  and 
collaborations  may take place with regard to the matter for which the Provider has been 
engaged by the Town and so that the Provider can carry out the work required by the Town in 
its engagement of the Provider;  
Now, therefore , in consideration of the foregoing premises that are incorporated as part of this 
Agreement and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, the Provider agree s as follows:  
1. Definition of Confidential Information  
1.1. All information disclosed by the Town in oral, written, graphic, photographic, 
recorded, prototype, sample or in any other form that is related to the Information 
Technology , Geographic Information Systems (GIS)  and Supervisory Control and Data 
Acquisition (SCADA) systems for Town of The Blue Mountains or any information 
written, graphic, photographic, recorded, prototype, sample or in any other form that 
is generated by the Provider for the purpose of doing business with The Town shall 
be consi dered Confidential Information.  Any information considered Private 
Information by the Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act  
(MFIPPA) , any personal health information as defined by the Personal Health 
Information Protection Act (PHIPA), and by the Personal Information Protection and 
Electronic Documents Act  (PIPEDA) is also considered Confidential Information.  
2. Disclosure of Confidential Information  
2.1. The Town may disclose to the Provider Confidential Info rmation enabling the two 
Parties  to engage in meaningful discussion and/or coll aboration. The P rovider  agrees 
to accept and hold such Confidential Information in accordance with the provisions of 
this Agreement.  

Page 2 of 5 CONFIDENTIAL  2.2. The Provider shall communicate the Town’s  Confidential Information only to such of 
its officers, employees and representatives as have a clear need to know in order to 
accomplish the purposes for which such Confidential Information has been disclosed 
to the Provider  and shall obtain written assur ances from such officers, employees 
and representatives to maintain the confidentiality thereof.  
3. Disclosure to Third Parties  
3.1. From and after the date of this Agreement,  the Provider agrees neither  to disclose to 
any third party nor permit any third party to  have access to any or all of the 
Confidential Information disclosed by the Town , without the prior written consent of 
the Town , nor to use any of the Confidential Information for any purpose other than 
as consented  to in writing by the Town . However, the aforesaid obligations shall not 
apply to information which the Provider can clearly demonstrate falls within any one 
of the following categories:  
a) Information that is now generally known to the public through no fault of the 
Provider ; 
b) Information obtained a fter the date of this Agreement hereof from a third party 
lawfully in possession of and with no limitation upon disclosure of that 
information, and having the right to disclose the same; or  
c) Information that is required to be divulged pursuant to process of  any judicial or 
governmental body of competent jurisdiction, provided notice of receipt of such 
notice is provided to the other party.  
4. Protection of Confidential Information  
4.1. The Provider will agree to use their best efforts to prevent disclosure of Confidential 
Information to any third party for an indefinite period of time from the date of this 
Agreement.  The Provider  is to use best practice security measures at all times to 
prevent informati on from being  compromised. All policies and procedures relating to 
data and information security are to be readily available  to the Town  from the 
Provider.  
4.2. The Provider shall protect the Town ’s Confidential  Information in accordance with 
applicable privacy  legislation . 
4.3. The Provider  acknowledges that disclosure of the Confidential Information would be 
highly detrimental to the interests and obligations of the Town and that in the event 
of a breach by the Provider  of its obligations to the Town as regarding  the 
Confidential Information, th e damages suffered by the Town  may be  difficult or 
impossible to determine and that the remedies of the Town at law may  be 
inadequate.  Accordingly, in addition to any monetary damages, the Town  shall be 
Page 3 of 5 CONFIDENTIAL  entitled to specific performance of the breaching party’s o bligations hereunder 
regarding the Con fiden<*$p$*>4.4. The Provider shall employ, when deemed necessary by the Provider and feasible, administrative and technical security measures based on the Provider's internal standards on access and password procedures for Provider’s personnel, encryption of Town Confidential Information while in transit, intermittent monitoring of the security posture of the Information, maintenance of basic logs including: user access logs, isolation of the Town’s Confidential Information only during business hours, and provision of a non-encrypted method of remo te authentication and authorization.<*$p$*>s Confidential Information, business continuity 
procedures, and provision of an encrypted method of remo te authentication and 
authorization.  
4.5. The Provider shall immediately notify the Town  of any security breach (including any 
internal unauthorized use o<*$p$*>5. Right to Audit 5.1. The Town may request an audit of the Provider, but the Provider has the right to refuse. Auditing will be performed only by a mutually agreed upon Third Party, at the Town’s expense.<*$p$*>y and all confidential information.  Auditing may be 
performed by Town IT Staff or by a Third Par ty, as chosen by the Town in its sole 
discretion.  
5.2. A Privacy Impact Assessment (“PIA”) shall be required if the Provider will have access 
to personal information as defined by MFIPPA  and personal health information as 
defined by PHIPA, the Town sha ll have right to terminate the engagement of the 
Provider without any liability or pen<*$p$*>6. Return of Confidential I nformation 6.1. The Town may request the return of specifically identified documents only, and only if the Provider is able to locate them within a reasonable timeframe. The Provider is not obligated to return or destroy automatically generated computer logs or any documents older than one year.<*$p$*>ial Information given orally) 
and all copies thereof, received from or on behalf of the Town , and the Provider 
agrees to promptly comply with such requests. The Provider agrees that, subsequent 
to a request for return of Confidential Information or notification of termination of 
business discussions and/or collaboration, Confidential Information provided orally 
will continue to be kept confidential by the Provider  and the provisions of this 
Agreement shall continue with respect to all Confidential Information until an y of 
items 3.1  a), b) and c) become applicable.  If the information is unable to be returned 
then information must be destroyed and a certificate of destruction must be issued.   
Page 4 of 5 CONFIDENTIAL  7. Use of Confidential Information  
7.1. The Provider shall not use the Confidential Information provided by the Town  for any 
purpose e xcept for carrying out the work for which the Town has engaged the 
Provider.  
7.2. The Provider shall not disclose or otherwise duplicate the Town’s  Confidential 
Information without the Town’s <*$p$*>8.1. The Town retains ownership of the explicitly marked confidential information provided, however the provider has the right to use such confidential information with other clients<*$p$*>ntial Information under its 
control.  
8. Ownership of Information  
8.1. The Town shall at all time retain sole ownership, right and title in the Town’s  
Confidential Information  
9. Product of this Agreement  
9.1. Any new information or know ledge generated from the discussions to be carried out 
as a result of this Agreement may not be divulged to others in verbal or written or 
any other form without the express  written consent of the Town . 
10. Governing Laws  
10.1. This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with all applicable 
laws  and by -laws  of the Town, Province of Ontario and any applicable Canadian 
federal laws.  
11. Length of Agreement  
11.1. This agreement shall be in full force  upon its execution by the Parties and shall be  and 
effect  inde finitely.   For greater clarity and certainty, the obligations herein with 
respect to Confidential Information continue indefinitely and beyond the time limit of 
the specific engagement for whi ch the Town engaged the Provider . 
12. Limitation of Agreement  
12.1. This A greement shall in no way be construed as the granting or conferring of a license 
or otherwise to either Party by the other directly or indirectly under any patent or 
patent application previously owned by the disclosing Party. Furthermore, nothing in 
this Agreement shall be interpreted so as to oblige either Party to enter into any 
further agreements.  
Page 5 of 5 CONFIDENTIAL  13. Amendments  
13.1. This Agreement cannot be altered or otherwise amended except pursuant to an 
instrument in writing signed by each of the P arties  hereto.  
14. Assignment  
14.1. This assignment shall not be assigned by either party and any purported assignment 
not permitted under this agreement shall be void.  
15. Entire Agreement  
15.1. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to 
the non- disclosure of  Confidential Information , save and except for any provisions 
with respect to non- disclosure of Confidential Information that may be contained in 
any agreement related to the engagement of the Provider by the Town and shall not 
be altered, modified or amen ded except by a written agreement executed by the 
Town . 
Provider Corporation Name  
Signature (I have authority to bind the Corporation)  
Name  
Title  
Date  
The Corporation of The Town of The Blue Mountains  
Ruth Prince, Director of Finance and IT Services  
Date  