CONFIDE NTIALITY AND NON- DISCLOS URE AGREEMENT 
THIS AGREEMENT  is made the  …… day o f ………………….in the year of …… 
BETWE EN:- 
(1) ………………………… (disclosing party) of…………………………………… 
 
ABN: ………………………………………………………...  
 
(2) EFCA Pty Ltd (receiving party) of 28 Blanche St, St Kilda , Victoria 3182  
 
ABN: 15 120 483 650 
 
WHEREAS:- 
(A)  The parties  for their mutual benef it may hav e exchanged and wis h further 
to exchange certain confidential info rmation (including but not limited to 
trade secrets and proprietary know-how).  
 
(B) The parties  wish to define their right s with respect to the said information 
and protect the confidentiality thereof and proprietary f eatures contained 
therein.  
 
(C) Subject or purpose of agreement………………………………………………  
 
IN CONSI DERATION  of the undertakings given by the parties hereto the parties 
HEREBY AGREE  as follows:  
1. Definition s 
In this Agreement:- 
Confidential Informa tion means any and all information which is now or 
at any time disclosed to one party by the other party and shall inc lude 
without limitation, data, know-how, fo rmulae, recipes, processes, designs  
and des ign rights, photogr aphs, drawings, plans, intentions, product  
information, trade secrets, market  opportunities, specifications , 
manufacturing data, which is disc losed to EF CA before or after the date of 
this Agreement but shall exc lude any  part of such information which:- 
1.1 is or bec omes in the public  domain without breach of this 
Agreement by EFCA; or  
1.2 EFCA can show:- 
 
 1 
1.2.1  was in its possession or known to  it by being in its use or being 
recorded in its files or  computers or other recording m edia prior to 
receipt from the dis closing pa rty and which was not previously  
acquired by EFCA from the discl osing party under an obligation or  
confidence,  or  
 
1.2.2  to have been developed by EF CA, or EF CA’s principals, at any 
time independently  of any info rmation disclosed to it by the 
disclos ing party.  
 
2. Handling of Confidential Information 
EFCA shall maintain the disclosing party’s Confidential Information in 
confidence and s hall exercis e in re lation thereto no lesser security  
measures and degree of care than t hose which the receiving party applies  
to its own confidential information and which EFCA warrants as providing 
adequate protection against unauthorised disclosur e, copying  or use. 
EFCA shall ensure t hat disclos ure of  such Confidential Information is 
restricted to those em ployees  or direct ors of EFCA and EFCA’s principals  
having the need to know the same. Copi es or reproductions shall not be 
made exc ept to the ext ent reasonably necessary and all co pies made 
shall be the property of the disclosing party.  
3. Return of Confidential Information 
 
3<*$p$*>3. Return of Confidential Information 3.1 EFCA shall: 3.1.1 immediately upon re ceipt of a written reques t from the disclos ing part, return to the disc losing part y all doc uments and materials (and all copies thereof) containing t he disclos ing party’s Confidential Information and certify in writing to the dis closing par ty that it has complied with the requirements of this sub-clause; and 3.1.2 notwithstanding the com<*$p$*>4. Limitations and Warrant y 4.1 EFCA shall: 4.1.1 not divulge the di sclosing party’s Confidenti al Information, in whole or in part, to any third party, unless required by a subpoena; and 4.1.2 make no c ommercial use of t he same or any par t thereof without the prior wr itten consent of the di sclosing party. No twithstanding the 2 foregoing, EFCA shall be entitled to make any disc losure required by law of t he disc losing party’s Confide ntial Information provide d that it gives the disc losing party not less t han two business days’ notice of such disclosure. 4.2 The disc losing party reserves all ri ghts in its Confidential Information and no rights or obligations other t han those expressly recited herein are granted or to be implied from this Agreement. In particular, no licenc e is hereby granted directly or ind irectly under any patent, invention, discovery, copyright or ot her industrial property right now or in the future held, made, obtained or licen sable by the other party. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to impose on either party any obligation to giv e the other party the opportunity of giving a quotation or making a tender to the ot her party or to enter into any contract for services or for supply of goods and/or materials with the other party.<*$p$*>ither party 
any obligation to giv e the other party the opportunity of giving a 
quotation or making a tender to the ot her party or to enter into any 
contract for services or for supply of goods  and/or materials with the 
other party.  
 
5. Confidentiality  
 
EFCA ag<*$p$*>5. Confidentiality EFCA agr ees to keep the existenc e and nature of this Agreement confidential and not to use the same or the name of the disclos ing party (or of any company in the Group of Companies of which the disclosing party forms part) in any public ity, adv ertisement or other disclosure with regard to this Agreement; however, EFCA is free to disclose the details of the agreement to its legal counsel, financial advisors and potential investors without the prior written consent of the disclos ing party.<*$p$*>notice to be given under this Agr eement shall be in  writing and sen t 
by facsimile transmission or s ent by re corded delivery post to the receiving 
party at its business  address as  last not ified in writing to  the other party 
and shall be deemed to have been given on the date of the facsimile 
transmission or two days following that  on w hich the notice was posted.  
 
7.  Variations 
No variatio n, alteration or modifi cation of this Agree ment will be valid  
unless in writing s igned by a duly authorised representative of both 
parties.  
8.  Non-Assignment 
This Agreement is personal to the parties and shall not be assigned or  
otherwise t ransferred in whole or  in par t by either part y without t he prior 
written consent of the other party.  
<*$p$*>9. Entire Agreement, Governing La w and Jurisdiction This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement and under standing between the parties in respect of C onfidentia l Information and supersedes all previous agreement s, understandings and undertakings in suc h respect. This Agreement can be changed by written agreement between the parties or by EFCA providing 30 days written notice to the disclosing party. The inter pretation, construction and effect of this Agreement shall be enforced in accor danc e with the laws of the State of Victoria. This agree ment will b e effective as of the date below, and contin ue for five (5) years.<*$p$*>r five 
(5) years. 
 
 
Signed on behalf of ……………………………………  
……………………………………………  
Date ……………………………………  
Witnessed by: ………………………………………………..  
Signed on behalf of EFCA Pty Ltd  
……………………………………………  
Date ……………………………………  
Witnessed by: ………………………………………………..  
 4 