1 NON DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT (NDA)  
 
Parties  
1 NOSTRADATA  Limited (ACN 139 103 656) of 1/1-9 Derrick St, Kew VIC 3101  
("NOSTRADATA ");and 
2 The person signing this agreement  ("the Confidant "). 
Background  
Nostra Data intends to provide the Confidant  with  transactional d ata for the purpose s of th e 
2017 Melbourne D atathon to be held between  April 13th and June  2nd 2017  (Datathon ). 
  
Nostra Data is willing to disclose Confidential Information  (as defined below) for the sole 
purpose of the Datathon .  This deed  sets out how this Confidential Information  must be 
treated by the Confidant . 
THIS DEED WITNESSES  
1 Confidential information  
In this deed , the term Confidential Information means any and all information disclosed 
by Nostra Data to the Confidant  in any form (including verbally, electronically, visually, in 
writing or in any other tangible form , and all copies of any such information ), which is 
identified as, notified as being, or which would be reasonably expected to be, 
confidential or proprietary to NostraData .   
Confidential Information includes  any data, software, software documentation, source 
code , documentation  for functional specific ations, development guidelines , inventions, 
training materials, third party confidential information , and any information about 
NostraData  which is disclosed to the Confidant  in connection with<*$p$*>The Confidant may use Confidential Information disclosed to it under this deed for the sole purpose of the Datathon. However, the Confidant has broad discretion to use insights derived from the Confidential Information for commercial purposes after the Datathon, unless NostraData explicitly objects in writing within 30 days of the Datathon's conclusion.<*$p$*>’s directions and otherwise in accordance with thi<*$p$*>The Confidant must not disclose any Confidential Information to any third party without the express and prior written consent of NostraData, except that high-level aggregated insights derived from the Confidential Information may be shared with potential investors for funding purposes.<*$p$*> 
the express  and prior  written consent of NostraData .  The Confidant  must take all 
reasonable precautions to avoid unauthorised disclosure and protect against 
unauthorised use o f the Confidential Information , such precautions to be at least as 
stringent as those used by the Confidant  for the protection of the Confidant ’s own 
confidential information  and always in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 . The 
Confidant must not store the Confidential Information on a public web server.  
2 4 Disclosure required by law  
If the Confidant  is required by law to disclose any Confidential Information to a third 
person, the Confidant  must:  
(a) before doing so:  
(i) notify Nostra Data; and 
(ii) give NostraData  a reasonable opportunity to take any steps that 
NostraData  considers necessary to protect the confid entiality of that 
information; and  
(b) notify the third person that the information is the Confidential Information 
of NostraData . 
5 Reverse engineering,  decompilation  and re -identification  
The Confidant  must not reverse engineer or decompile any software included in any 
Confidential Information, or make any unauthorised copies of any Confidential 
Information.  The Confidant must not attempt to re-identify any personal information 
that has been de -identified in the Confidential Information.  
6 Indemnity  
As the disclosure of the Confidential Information may cause irreparable harm to the 
business of NostraData , the Confidant  hereby undertakes to indemnify, and to keep 
indemnified, NostraData  against all claims, losses or liabilities (including in particular  
damages, reasonable legal and professional costs, penalties and expenses) which may be 
suffered or incurred by NostraData  arising out of or in connection with a breach of this 
deed  by the Confidant . 
7 Acknowledgement  
Notwithstanding clause 6, the Confidant  acknowledges that it is aware that any breach 
of this deed  may result in damage to NostraData  and that NostraData  is entitled to 
enforce its rights by seeking specific performance or injunction proceedings , as 
monetary damages may not be sufficient relief . 
8 Rights in Confidential Information  
The Confidant  acknowledges that it has no proprietary rights, title or interest in, and will 
not acquire any licence, rights, title or interest in, any Confide<*$p$*>Following any request by NostraData, the Confidant must return all Confidential Information, except that the Confidant may retain a copy of any derived analytical models developed during the Datathon, which may be retained indefinitely for internal research purposes, despite any other provision in this document.<*$p$*>formation includ es the 
obligation to return any and all Confiden<*$p$*>At the conclusion of the Datathon, the Confidant must permanently delete all raw data provided by NostraData unless the Confidant uses third party licensed libraries, in which it may be retained indefinitely for debugging purposes or reproducibility.<*$p$*>lete all  data 
provided by  Nostr<*$p$*>Any source code developed by the Confidant for the purpose of the Datathon will remain the intellectual property of the Confidant, unless the submission receives an award, in which case it becomes the joint property of NostraData and the Confidant. By making a submission at the conclusion of the Datathon, consisting of a deck of slides presenting the Confidant's insights extracted from the Confidential Information, the Confidant grants the Datathon organisers and NostraData an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free and perpetual right to use, modify, distribute to the public, and publicly display the content of the submission.<*$p$*>xclusive, 
royalty -free and perpetual right to use, modify, di stribute to the public, and publicly 
display the content of the submission  
12 General  
(a) This deed  is governed by the laws of the State of Victoria , Australia .  
(b) This deed  constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and 
supersedes all prior understandings and agreements concerning its subject 
matter .  
(c) The words “includes” and “including” a re not words of limitation  
 
Signed by the Confidant               
The informat ion below may be collected separately during the registration process of the Datathon.  
 
Full name    …………………………………………………… ………………………… ……………………………………  
 
Address    …………………………………………………… ………………………… ……………………………………  
 
Occupation  and employer (if applicable)  …………………………………………………… ………………………… …….. 
 
Date      …………………………………………………… ………………………… ……………………………………  
 
Signature    …………………………………………………… ………………………… ……………………………………  