Mutual Non -Disclosure Agre ement Northeastern University  
 
 
 
MUTUAL  NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
  
This Mutual Non -Disclosure Agreement  (this “Agreement”)  is made and entered into as of this  
____ day of                               , 20 ________ (“Effective Date”) by and between    , 
a    corporation having a prin cipal place of business at     
(“Company” ) and Northeastern University, a non -profit Massachusetts educational corporation  located at 
360 Huntington Avenue, Boston MA 02115 (“ NU”). ”).  NU and Company  referred herein individually 
as a “Party”  and collectiv ely, as the “Parties”.    
 
 
WHEREAS,  the Parties may enter into discussion and transactions regarding a collaborative 
project for the purpose of [add description of the purpose] (the “Purpose”)  
 
WHEREAS , solely  in connection with the Purpose the Parties  wish for their mutual benefit, to 
disclose to each other Confidential Information (defined below ); and  
 
WHEREAS , the Parties  wish to set forth the conditions and obligations which will govern the 
access, use, duplication and disclosure of any Confidential Inf ormation that one party (the “Disclosing 
Party” may disclose to the other party  (the “Recipient”) . 
 
NOW THEREFORE , to enable the Parties  to proceed with these discussions and in 
consideration of the mutual covenants, premises and agreements contained herei n, the Parties  hereto 
hereby agree as follows:  
: 
 
1. Confidential Information . “Confidential Information ” means all  the information of the 
Disclosing Party  furnish ed or made available , orally, in writing, by electronic means, or by inspection, at 
any time on and after the Effective Date regarding the Disclosing Party or its business plans , processes, 
technology, data, material, documents regarding the infrastructure, businesses, assets, liabilities, 
financial conditions, operations, identity of personnel, inte llectual property (including,  without 
limitation,  trade secrets), Personal Data (defined below ) and other related or its similar information  
provided in all cases such information is marked conspicuously with a confidentiality or a substantially 
similar le gend  in accordance with Section 4 of this Agreement . 
 
For purposes of this Agreement, “Personal Data” shall mean any and all personally identifiable 
information, in any form or media, about current or former NU faculty members, employees, students, 
prospec tive students, and other persons associated with NU.  Personal Data includes, without limitation, 
(i) an individual’s social security number, bank or other financial account numbers, credit or debit card 
numbers, driver’s license number, passport number, o ther government -issued identification numbers, 
biometric data, health and medical information, and data about the individual obtained through a Project; 
(ii) financial information, employee benefits information, education records, NU identification numbers ; 

Mutual Non -Disclosure Agre ement Northeastern University  
and (iii) any additional categories of information about individuals that NU from time to time designates 
in writing as Personal Data.  
Exclusions.   Notwithstanding the foregoing, “Confidential Information” shall not include the 
following types of informa tion if the Recipient establishes by competent proof that the information : (i) is 
now or subsequently becomes generally available to the public  without a breach of this Agreement by 
the Recipient ; (ii) was known to or rightfully in the possession of the Recipient p rior to the date of 
disclosure of such Confidential Information ; (iii) is developed by the Recipient  independent of the 
disclosure made under this Agreement ; (iv) is supplied to the Recipient  by a third party  without 
restriction on such disclosure ;  or (v) is required to be disclosed pursuant to a valid subpoena, court order 
or other requirement(s) of applicable law , provided, however, that the foregoing exceptions to 
Confidential Information shall not apply to Personal Data .  Notwithstanding the f oregoing, Confidential 
Information shall not be deemed to be available to the public or in the possession of the  Recipient  
merely because it is embraced by more general information so available or in the  possession of the 
Recipient.   If the Recipient  will disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party pursuant to a 
judicial or U<*$p$*>The Recipient may use the Confidential Information provided by the Dis<*$p$*>The Recipient may disclose the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to third parties with prior written consent from the Disclosing Party. The Recipient shall use commercially reasonable measures to protect Confidential Information. In addition, t he Recipient shall provide access to Confidential Information to those within the Recipient 's organization who require access to the Confidential Information.<*$p$*>, and any terms, conditions or other facts with respect to the P urpose  
(including, but not limited to, the  existence and terms of this Agreement) are Confidential Information 
subject to the confidentiality requirements set forth herein. Recipient shall implement and maintain 
appropriate security measures for Personal Data which shall be <*$p$*>Confidential Information disclosed hereunder shall be disclosed i n written, electronic or other permanent form and may, at the discretion of the disclosing party, be identified as confidential. If Confidential Information is disclosed in other than written or other permanent form, it shall be considered Confidential Information regardless of whether the Disclosing Party identifies it as Confidential Information at the time of the original disclosure. The rights and obligations provided by this Agreement shall take precedence over specific legends or statements associated with Confidential Information when received.<*$p$*> of the employees or officers of the  Recipient  to whom it was made .  The rights and obligations 
provided by this Agreement shall take precedence over specific legends or statements associated with 
Confidential Information when received .  
 
5.  Notices . Any reproduction by either party of the other party’s Confidential Information  
permitted under this Agreement  shall contain any and all confidential notices or legends which appear on 
the original, unless otherwise authorized in writing by the Disclosing Party .  
 
6.  Ownership .  Recipient affirms and agrees that all right s, titles and interests in and to  the 
Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party are and shall remain at all times the sole property of the 
Disclosing Party.  Nothing in this Agreement  or the disclosure of Confidential Information  expressly or 
implicitly grants or confers on Recipie nt any right, title or interest in or to the Confidential Information 
or other property of the Disclosing Party other than the limited right s to receive , access,  possess and use 
such information solely for the Purpose in accordance with this Agreement.   
 
7. Export Control .  Company shall not provide any export controlled information , materials , 
technology  to NU, in any form,  without prior written notice to NU of Company ’s desire to share export 
controlled information, and written consent from NU to accept s uch information. Notice to the 
University shall include the proper export classification and a reference the applicable export control 
laws and regulations.  Company  shall indemnify and hold harmless NU and its faculty, employees, 
student, agents and repre sentatives  against  any and all  claims, damages, losses, or costs arising out of  
Company ’s breach of  this Section 7. 
 
8.  CREATE Act . This Agreement is not a joint research agreement under the CREATE Act and 
the Recipient  shall not invoke the CREATE Act dur ing patent examination to overcome prior art 
rejections.    
 
9.  Contact . The exclusive point of contact with respect to the transmission and control of 
Confidential Information disclosed hereunder is designated by the respective Parties  as follows:  
 
Northe astern University:     
 
 Company :         
Each Party may change its designees by written notice to the other.  
 
10.  Notice . Should the  Recipient  become aware of any breach or threatened breach of this 
Agreement, the  Recipient  agrees to promptly notify the Disclosing Party  in writing and , in addition to 
the other rights set forth in this Agreement,  the Disclosing Party  shall have the right to immediately 
terminate this Agreement.  
 
11. Representations & Warranties . Each Party represents and warrants that (i) i t has the 
authority to enter into this Agreement, (ii) it is not a party to any agreement with any third party which 
prohibits it from fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement and (iii) this Agreement, when executed 
Mutual Non -Disclosure Agre ement Northeastern University  
and delivered, shall be a valid a nd binding obligation on such Party, enforceable in accordance in its 
terms.  , The disclosure  of Confidential Information shall not  constitute any representation, warranty, 
assurance, or guarantee, with respect to non -infringement of any patent or other pr oprietary rights of 
others. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY PROVISION IN THIS AGREEMENT , NEITHER PARTY 
MAKES ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE COMPLETENESS, 
ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR USE FOR ANY PURPOSE  OF THE 
INFORMATION DISCLOSED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, WHICH IS DELIVERED “AS IS” .  
EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 7 OF THIS AGREEMENT AND IN THE CASES OF 
FRAUD OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, THE DISCLOSING PARTY SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY 
FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT DAMAGES WHICH MAY ARISE FROM THE RECIPIENT’S  
POSSESSION OR USE OF SUCH INFORMATION.  
 
12.  Costs and Expense . Each party shall bear its own cost s incurred under or in connection 
with this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as an obligation by either party to 
enter into a contract , subcontract, or other bus<*$p$*>Termination or expiration of this Agreement may relieve either party of its obligations hereunder to maintain in confidence and not to use Confidential Information received hereunder, effective immediately.<*$p$*>ty (30) days prior written 
notice to the other party. Termination or expiration of this Agreement shall not relieve either party of its 
obligations hereunder to maintain in confidence and not to use Confidential Information received 
hereunder for a period of three  (3) years from the date of receipt thereof.  
 
14.  Effect of Expiration or Termination . Upon expiration or te<*$p$*>Upon request, the Recipient may send the Disclosing Party a certificate con firming the destruction or return of all Confidential Information delivered hereunder. Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section , Recipient is required to retain multiple copies of such Confidential Information for archival and business development purposes only and such Confidential Information shall not remain subject to this Agreement.<*$p$*>al 
Information delivered hereunder. Notwithstanding the other provisio<*$p$*>This Agreement may be terminated by either party at any time with no prior written notice to the other party.<*$p$*> Confidential 
Information shall remain subject to this Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement ,. 
 
15. No Assignment . This Agreement, and the rights and obligations hereunder, may not be 
transferred or assigned by either party without the pr ior written consent of the other party.  
 
16.  Governing Law ; Severability . The validity, interpretation, and effect of this Agreement 
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.   
The Parties  hereby e xpressly consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts 
located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts for any dispute arising from or relating to this 
Agreement.   If any term or condition of this Agreement shall be determined  by any court of competent 
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable to any extent, the remainder of this Agreement shall not be 
affected thereby, and each remaining term or condition hereof shall be valid and enforced to the fullest 
extent permitted by law.  In the event such determination prevents the accomplishment of the purpose of 
this Agreement, the invalid provision shall be restated to conform with applicable law and to reflect as 
nearly as possible the original intention of the Parties.  
Mutual Non -Disclosure Agre ement Northeastern University  
 
17.  Entire Agreement; Amendment . This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of 
the Parties  relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations, commitments and 
understanding s, written or oral,  with respect thereto.   This Agreement  may be executed by facsimile or 
electronic transmission in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all 
counterparts will constitute one and the same agreement.  No variation , amendment  or other 
modification of this Agreemen t or waiver of any terms o r provisions hereof shall be deemed valid unless 
in writing and signed by authorized representatives of both Parties . 
 
18.  Interpretation .  In the Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires, words describing 
the singular nu mber shall include the plural and vice versa, and words denoting any gender shall include 
all genders, and words denoting natural persons shall include corporations and partnerships and vice 
versa.  Whenever the words “include,” “includes,” or “including” are used in the Agreement, they shall 
be understood to be followed by the words “without limitation.”  The words “hereof,” “herein,” and 
“hereunder,” and words of similar import, when used in the Agreement refer to the Agreement as a 
whole and not to any p articular provision of the Agreement unless otherwise specified.  All terms used 
herein with initial capital letters have the meanings ascribed to them herein, and all terms defined in the 
Agreement shall have such defined meanings when used in any certifi cate or other document made or 
delivered pursuant hereto, unless otherwise defined therein.  The definitions contained in the Agreement 
are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as well as to 
the feminine  and neuter genders of such term.  Any agreement, instrument, or statute defined or referred 
to herein, or in any agreement or instrument that is referred to herein, means such agreement, instrument, 
or statute as from time to time amended, modified, or su pplemented, including (in the case of 
agreements or instruments) by waiver or consent and (in the case of statutes) by succession of 
comparable successor statutes and references to all attachments thereto and instruments incorporated 
therein.  The headings  used in this Agreement are merely for reference and impose no obligation nor 
have any substantive significance. Each of the Parties has participated in the drafting and negotiation of 
the Agreement.  If any ambiguity or question of intent or interpretatio n arises, the Agreement must be 
construed as if it is drafted by all the Parties and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring 
or disfavoring any Party by virtue of authorship of any of the provisions of the Agreement.  
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the Parties  have caused this Agreement to be executed in duplicate 
originals by their authorized representatives.  
 
NORTHEASTERN UNIVERSITY  COMPANY  
 
By:   By:       
Name:   Name:   
Title:   Title:    
     
Date:    Date:    
 