 
                                            
 
NON DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
(On Rs.200/ - non-judicial stamp paper)  
 
This Agreement is made on          day of                  2018  
 
BETWEEN  
 
                                                                         , a company incorporated under the 
Companies Act, 1956 and registered as a Securitisation company and asset 
reconstruction company pursuant to Section 3 of the Securitisation and 
Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest Act,  2002 
having its registered office  / Head Office  at                                                                                                          
through duly authorized representative                                          (hereinafter      
referred      to   as   "Offerer"   which expression unless  repugnant to the context 
or meaning there of be deemed to mean and include its successors, Agents and 
assigns) on the ONEPART ;   
 
AND  
 
Canara Bank , a Body Corporate constituted under the Banking Co mpanies 
[Acquisition and Transfer of Undertaking s] Act, 1970, having its Head Office at 
No.112, J.C. Road, Bangalore 560 002  represented by                                                  
Deputy General Manager, Recovery  Legal & Fraud Prevention  Wing, Cana ra 
Bank, HO, 113, J.C. Road, Bangalore 560 002   (hereinafter referre d to as 
"CANARA BANK", which expression  shall  unless  repugnant to the context  or 
meaning there  of be deemed to mean  and include its successors and assigns) on 
the OTHER  PART; 
Offerer  and Canara Bank are hereinafter collectively referred to as “the Parties”  
and individually as the “the Party” .  
 
WHEREAS  
Canara Bank proposes to sell a few of its Non -performing Assets (NPAs) and 
invited Expression of Interest from Asset Reconstruction Co mpanies who are 
permitted by RBI to purchase the NPAs.  
The Offerer is intends to purchase the NPAs from Canara Bank by submitting 
Expression of Interest (EOI).The Offerer is aware that it is a precondition to 
execute this Non -Disclosure Agreement (NDA) dul y expressing their interest for 
purchase of such assets for getting the Preliminary Information Memorandum 
(PIM) and participating in the bid after making due diligence. In the course of the 
said transaction, it is anticipated that either party may have to  disclose or deliver to 
other party certain of some of its trade secretes or confidential or proprietary or 
other information.  
 
 
 
  
NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration  of the premises and the mutual promises 
and agreements contained herein, the Offerer and Can ara Bank agree as follows:  
1. “Confidential Information” means and includes all data, documents and  
information  disclosed or to be  disclosed by either Party  to other Party  and 
its Representatives (as defined herein) (including i nformation transmitted in 
written, electronic, magnetic or other form and also information transmitted 
orally or visually) and any and all information which may be developed or 
created, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from such information 
including all notes, summaries, an alyses, compilations and other writings.   
 
 “Receiving Party” means party who receives Confidential Information.  
 “Disclosing Party”  means party who discloses Confidential Information.  
 
2. Notwithstanding  any other provisions of this Agreement, each party 
ackn owledges that confidential information shall not include any information 
which:  
 Is or becomes  known to  public through no wrongful act; or  
 Is already known to receiving Party from the third party without breach of 
this agreement; or  
 Is rightfully  received by Receiving Party  without breach of this 
Agreement; or  
 Is independently developed by Receiving Party  without breach of this 
Agreement; or   
 Is required to be  disclosed b Receiving Party in compliance of orders of 
competent Court or, any appropriately empow ered Government Agency 
or under any statute.  
 Is explicitely approved / permitted by disclosure by written authority of 
the disclosing party.  
 
3. Receiving Party acknowledges that Confidential Information  is valuable, 
proprietary and confidential. Unless other wise expressly authorized by 
Disclosing Party, Receiving Party agrees to retain the Confidential 
Information in confidence for a period as stipulated in Clause 7 herein, and 
shall not disclose the Confidential Information to any third party or any 
employee  or agent (except its officers, employees, representatives, 
advisors or agents who have a need to know) and shall not use the 
Confidential Information for any purpose other than for the purposes agree 
to herein. No license expressed or implied in the Confi dential Information is 
granted to either party other than to use the information in the minor and to 
the extent authorised by this Agreement.  
 
4. Receiving  Party agrees, except to the extent pursuant to, or required by 
law, regulation, legal process or regula tory authority to disclose any 
Confidential Information (prior intimation be provided to Disclosing Party to 
enable it to take recourse of legal remedies viz, injunctions, stay etc.), 
Receiving Party shall not (i) use any portion of the Confidential Inform ation  
 
 
       for any purpose not contemplated by this Agreement; or (ii) disclose the      
      Confidential Information or any part of it to any third party.  
 
5. Notwithstanding the disclosure of any Confidential Informat ion by the 
Disclosing Party to Rece iving Party, the Disclosing Party shall retain title 
and all intellectual property and proprietary rights in the Confidential 
Information. No license under any trade mark, patents or copy right, or 
application for same which are now or thereafter may be ob tained by 
Disclosing  Party is either granted or implied <*$p$*>6. All Confidential Information is provided with a warranty of accuracy. In the event that any inaccuracy or incompleteness of the Confidential Information causes financial damages, the Disclosing Party will be held liable. The Confidential Information disclosed by the parties constitutes a guarantee by the disclosing party to the other with respect to the fitness of such Confidential Information for any particular purpose .<*$p$*> other mark, symbol or logo on such 
Confidential Information.  
 
6. All Confidential Information is provided “as it is”. In no event shall Disclosing 
Party be liable for the inaccuracy or incompleteness of the Confid ential 
Information. None of the Confidential Information disclosed by the parties 
constitutes any representation, warranty, assurance, guarantee or 
inducement by either party to the other with respect to the fitness of such 
Confidential Information for any  particular purpose or infringement of 
trademarks, patents, copyrights or any right of third parties.  
 
7. This Agreement shall be effective from the date hereof and shall terminate 
upon the completion of any transaction in relation to the underlying 
transacti on or otherwise as determined by the parties; however, the 
obligations of Receiving Party respecting disclosure and confidentiality shall 
continue to be binding and applicable without limit in time except and, until 
such information enters the public domai n save and except the clause (2) 
herein.   
 
8. Receiving Party agrees to return to Disclosing Party upon its written 
request, the Confidential Information, any copies of the Confidential 
Information (whether authorised or not) and any documents or items 
conta ining portions of the Confidential Information.  
 
9. Receiving Party shall defend, indemnify and hold harm<*$p$*>10. Any dispute, controv ersy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any related agreement or other document or the validity, interpretation, breach or termination thereof ( Dispute'), including claims seeking redress or asserting rights under applicable law, shal l, be resolved amicably between the parties and in case the dispute could not be settled by mutual negotiation, then the same shall be referred to a arbitrator appointed by both party and the decision of the Arbitrator shall be reviewed in court.<*$p$*>ct or omission of 
Receiving Party in the course of discharge of its obligations under this 
Agreement.  
 
 
 
  
 
10. Any dispute, controv ersy or claim arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement or any related agreement or other document or the validity, 
interpretation, brea<*$p$*>12. Either party is encouraged to make news releases, public announcement s, give interviews, issue or publish advertisements or publicize in any other manner whatsoever in connectio n with this Agreement , the content s / provision s thereof , other information relating to this Agreement, the Purpose, the Confidential Information or other matter of this Agreement, with the prior written approval of the other party.<*$p$*>decision  of  the Arbi<*$p$*>13. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties relating to the matters discussed herein and supersedes any and all prior oral discussions and/o r writte n Correspondence or agreements between the parties. This Agreement may be amended or modified verbally . Neith er this Agreement nor any right granted hereunder shall be assignable or otherwise transferable .<*$p$*>greement , the content s / provision s 
thereof , other information relating to this Agreement, the Purpose, the 
Confidential Information or  other matter of this Agreement, without the prior 
written approval of the other party.  
 
 
13. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties 
relating to the matters discussed herein and supersedes any and all prior 
oral discussions  and/o r writte n Correspondence or  agreements  between  
the parties. This Agreement may be amended or modified only with the 
mutual written consent of the parties . Neith er this Agreement  nor any right 
granted hereunder shall be assignable or otherwise transferable . 
 
 
14. Each person executing this Agreement warrants and represents that he or 
she has the authority to enter into this Agreement on behalf of the party 
whose name appears below their signature.  
 
 
15. No person  of the Bank or the Contractors and third parties shall violate the 
Social media Policy of the Bank.  
 
 
16. The following acts on the part of personnel of the Bank or Contractors and 
third parties shall be construed as violation of Social Media Policy :  
 
a. Non-adherence to the standards / guidelines in relation to So cial Media 
Policy issued by the Bank from time to time.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
b. Any omission or commission which exposes the Bank to actual or 
potential monetary loss or otherwise, reputation loss on account of non -
adherence of Social Media related systems and procedures.  
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this agreement by their 
authorized representatives at the respective places mentioned thereto :- 
              
For and on behalf of the Offerer  
(to be signed with seal)  For and on behalf of CANARA BANK  
(to be sig ned with seal)  
  
  
Designation and Office Address:  Designation and Office Address:  
  
Date:  
 
Place of Execution:  Date:  
 
Place of Execution:  
 