NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
THIS NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is entered into on           
by                                                     and                                               between the 
undersigned parties on the date specified below.
WHEREAS, either Party possesses certain confidential proprietary information; and 
WHEREAS, in connection with the pursuit, evaluation and/or feasibility of a business 
relationship, and/or the consummation of a transaction (collectively, the "Business 
Purposes") between the two parties hereto, including their affiliates, subsidiaries, 
stockholders, partners, co-venture, trading partners, employees and other organizations 
(hereinafter referred to as Affiliates), confidential proprietary information of one Party 
may become available to the other Party. 
WHEREAS, either Party desires to prevent the unauthorized use and disclosure of its 
confidential proprietary information. 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of these premises and for other good and valuable 
consideration, Receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 
I. "Confidential Information ". For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential 
Information shall mean all strategic and development plans, financial 
condition, business plans, co-developer identities, data, business records, 
customer lists, project records, market reports, employee lists and business 
manuals, policies and procedures, information relating to processes, 
technologies or theory and all other information which may be disclosed by 
one Party or to which the other Party may be provided access by the 
disclosing Party or others in accordance with this Agreement, or which is 
generated as a result of , incidental to or in connection with the Business 
Purposes, which is not generally available to the public. 
II. Non-disclosure Obligations . The Receiving Party promises and agrees to 
receive       and hold the Confidential Information in confidence. Without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Receiving Party further promises 
and agrees: 
A. to protect and safeguard the Confidential Information against unauthorized use, 
publication or disclosure; 
B. not to use any of the Confidential Information except for the Business Purposes. 
C. not to, directly or indirectly, in any way, reveal, report, publish, disclose, transfer 
or otherwise use any of the Confidential Information except as specifically authorized 
by the Disclosing Party in accordance with this Non-Disclosure Agreement. 
D. not to use any Confidential Information to unfairly compete or obtain unfair 
advantage vis-a-vis Disclosing Party in any commercial activity which may be 
comparable to the commercial activity contemplated by the parties in connection with 
the Business Purposes. 
E. to restrict access to the Confidential Information to those of its officers, directors, 
and employees who clearly need such access to carry out the Business Purposes. 
F. to advise each of the persons to whom it provides access to any of the Confidential 
Information, that such persons are strictly prohibited from making any use, publishing 
or otherwise disclosing to others, or permitting others to use for their benefit or to the 
detriment of the Disclosing Party, any of the Confidential Information, and, upon 
Request of the Disclosing Party, to provide the Disclosing Party with a copy of a 
written agreement to that effect signed by such persons. 
G. to comply with any other reasonable security measures requested in writing by the 
Disclosing Party. 
H. To refrain from directly contacting or communicating by whatsoever means to the 
Source(s) of Information without written cons<*$p$*>III. Exceptions . The confidentiality obligations hereunder shall not apply to Confidential Information which: A. is, or later becomes, public knowledge; or B. is in the possession of the Party with the full right to disclose prior to its receipt from the Disclosing Party, as evidenced by written records; or C. is independently received by the Receiving Party from a third party, with no restrictions on disclosure.<*$p$*>
from the Disclosing Party, as evidenced by written records; or 
C. is independently received by the Receiving Party from a third party, with no 
restrictions on disclosure. 
IV. Return of Confidential Information . The Receiving Party agrees, upon 
termination of the Business Purposes or upon the written request of the other Party, 
whichever is earlier, to promptly deliver to the other Party all records, notes, and 
other written, printed, or tangible materials in the possession of the Receiving Party, 
embodying or pertaining to the Confidential Information. 
V. No Right to Confidential Information . 
A. The Receiving Party hereby agrees and acknowledges that no license, either 
express or implied, is hereby granted to the Receiving Party by the other Party to use 
any of the Confidential Information. 
B. The Receiving Party further agrees that all inventions, improvements, 
copyrightable works and designs relating to machines, methods, compositions, or 
products of the other Party directly resulting from or relating to the Confidential 
Information and the right to market, use, license and franchise the Confidential 
Information or the ideas, concepts, methods or practices embodied therein shall be the 
exclusive property of the other Party, and the Receiving Party has no right or title 
thereto. 
VI. No Warranty . The Disclosing Party has not made and will not make any 
representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of its Confidential 
Information or of any other information provided to the Receiving Party, and the 
Receiving Party agrees that the Disclosing Party shall have no liability resulting from 
the use of the Confidential Information or such other information. 
VII. No Commitment . The disclosure of Confidential Information does not, and is 
not intended to, represent a commitment by the Disclosing Party to enter into any 
business relationship with the Receiving Party or with any other entity. If the Parties 
desire to pursue business opportunities, they will execute a separate written 
agreement to govern such business relationship. 
VIII. Compelled Disclosure . If the Party faces legal action to disclose Confidential 
Information received under this Agreement, then the Party shall promptly notify the 
other Party in order that it may have the opportunity to intercede and contest such 
disclosure and, upon request, shall cooperate with the other Party in contesting such a             
disclosure. Except in connection with failure to discharge the responsibilities set forth 
in the preceding sentence, neither Party shall be liable in damages for any disclosures 
pursuant to such legal action. 
IX. Losses . The Receiving Party agrees to indemnify the other Party against any and 
all losses, damages, claims, or expenses incurred or suffered by the other Party as a 
result of the Receiving Party's breach of this Agreement. 
X. Communication : The two parties agree that the communication between the 
parties is considered delivered and reached other party if transmitted by fax or 
electronic means with proof of sending machine. The date of receiving the messages, 
notices or letters is the date of sending authenticated by the sending machine. All 
notices under this Agreement shall be deemed to have been duly given upon the
mailing of the notice, postpaid to the addresses listed above, or upon the facsimile 
transmission, to the party entitled to such notice at the facsimile number set forth 
below. 
XI.Counterparts . Either the original or copies, including facsimile transmissions, of <*$p$*>XII. No Solicitation of Employees . The Receiving Party agrees that it will, for a period of five (5) years from the date of this Agreement, initiate contact with the other Party's employees in order to solicit, entice or induce any employee of the other Party to terminate an employment relationship with the other Party to accept employment with the Receiving Party, provided, however, that this restriction does not apply to employees who have already expressed interest in working for the Receiving Party.<*$p$*>nitiat<*$p$*>XIII. Term and Termination . This Agreement shall commence on the date first written above. The Receiving Party's right to use the Confidential Information in connection with the Business Purposes shall continue in effect until the period of one year from the date above or the other Party provides the Receiving Party with written notice of termination of such right, whichever is earlier. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Receiving Party's obligations with respect to the Confidential Information hereunder shall continue in full force until further notice from the other Party.<*$p$*>oing, the Receiving Party's obligations with respect to the Confidential 
Information hereunder shall continue in full force for at least five years from the 
termination date and/or effect until further notice from the other Party. 
XIV. Remedies . The Receiving Party understands and acknowledges that any 
disclosure or misappropriation of any of the Confidential Information in violation of 
this Agreement may cause the Disclosing Party irreparable harm, the amount of 
which may be difficult to ascertain and, therefore, agrees that the Disclosing Party 
shall have the right to apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for an order 
restraining any such further disclosure or misappropriation and for such other relief as 
the Disclosing Party shall deem appropriate. Such right of the Disclosing Party shall 
be in addition to Remedies otherwise available to the Disclosing Party at law or in 
equity. 
XV. Entire Agreement .. This Agreement embodies the entire understanding between 
the parties respecting the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes any and all 
prior negotiations, correspondence, understandings and agreements between the 
parties respecting the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement shall not be 
modified except by a writing duly executed on behalf of the party against whom such 
modification is sought to be enforced. Should any provisions of this Agreement be 
found unenforceable, the remainder shall still be in effect. 
XVI. No Waiver . The failure of either Party to require performance by the other
Party of any provision of this Agreement shall in no way effect the full right to 
require such performance at any time thereafter. 
XVII. Successors and Assigns . Neither shall any Party have any right to assign its 
rights under this Agreement, whether expressly or by operation of law, without the 
written consent of the other<*$p$*>XVIII. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India and the Party’s country laws on equal force. If there is any conflict of laws, the law of The Party’s country shall prevail.<*$p$*>successors of the Parties. 
XVIII. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of India and the Party’s country laws on equal force. If there 
is any conflict of laws, the law of India shall prevail. 
XIX. Attorneys' Fees . If any action at law or in equity is brought to enforce or 
interpret the provisions of this Agreement, the prevailing party in such action shall be 
entitled to attorneys' fees. 
XX. Modification : This Agreement constitutes the sole understanding of the parties 
about this subject matter and may not be amended or modified except in writing 
signed by each of the parties to the Agreement. 
XXI. Legal Address of the Parties : 
Party A:                                                                                                        Party B: 
Company: Rhein India Technologies Private Limited                Company:
A-61,Sector 16 ,Noida (India)                                    Address  :
________________ sign                                           
Ajay Singh:
Authorized signatory