 
 
 ATTACHMENT B – INTENT TO PROPOSE AND NON DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
 
1. INTENT TO PRO POSE  
RFP 1800000 15 
 
By signing this form, the contractor confirms that they have received the RFP and intend to submit a proposal 
in response to the RFP.  
 
Printed Name of Authorized  Representative   
Title   
Signature   
Date   
  
Contractor Name   
 
  
2 
 
 ATTACHMENT B – INTENT TO PROPOSE AND NON DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
  
2. CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT  – STATE OF ALASKA 
 
This Confidentiality Agreement (the "Agreement ") applies to RFP 180000015, for Alaska Care Travel 
Coordinat ion and Administration and is made effective upon signature of the Agreement .  
 
Background Information 
 
A. State is in the process of evaluating certain potential services to be provided by Recipient in 
connection with the administration of travel and care benefits  (the "Services ") under the self -
funded health plan State sponsors for eligible employees  (the "Plan ").   
 
B. The data and information that State expects to provide to Recipient for use in evaluating 
Recipient 's proposal to provide the Services is confidential and not public data and the parties 
desire to enter into a Confidentiality Agreement to set forth their respective duties and 
obligations regarding State' s data and information.   
 
Provisions  
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing Background Information, whic h is incorporated by 
this reference as if fully re -written herein and the mutual covenants and provisions set forth herein, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:  
Section 1.  Confidential Information .  As used in this Agreement, " Confidential Information " 
shall mean any and all technical and non -technical information about State , including, but not limited to 
data and information processed by State  in connection with evaluating the Services.  The term  shall also 
include all " protected health information " (as defined by 45 C.F.R. §  160. 103) and any other personally 
identifiable information ( "PII") regarding any individual who is, or may become, eligible for the Stat e's 
Plan (including, but not limited t o, such Plan 's travel benefit).  The Recipient hereby agrees to abide by 
State' s determination that such information is Confidential Information and that the same is of a special 
and unique nature and value, important and material, that it gravely affect s the effective and successful 
conduct of the business and that it may include personal identification information or other information 
of State or State employees and their dependents that is to be maintained as confidential.  
Section 2.  Preservation of Confidentiality .  All Confidential Information (a) supplied by any 
employee, agent, consultant, or independent contractor of State  ("State Representatives ") to the 
Recipient or any employee, agent, officer, director, shareholder, independent contractor or 
representativ e of the Recipient (collectively, the "Recipient Representatives "), (b) obtained by the 
Recipient or any Recipient Representatives from any documents, meetings or telephone conversations 
with any State  Representatives  or from books or records of State , (c) obtained by the Recipient or any 
Recipient Representatives or in any other manner including through hosting the software evaluation on 
Recipient 's website, or (d) jointly or individually developed by State  and/or Recipient shall be protected 
and main tained by the Recipient on a confidential basis and the Recipient shall not use any of the 
Confidential Information for any purposes (other than as permitted by this Agreement).  The Recipient 
shall refrain from directly or indirectly disclosing any of the  Confidential Information to any person, firm, 
fund, or entity, or knowingly making any Confidential Information available to any others for any use 
(other than as permitted by this Agreement).  Failure to mark any of the Confidential Information as 
3 
 
 confid ential or proprietary shall not affect its status as Confidential Information.  In furtherance and not 
in limitation of the foregoing provisions, the Recipient shall:  
(a) Restrict disclosure of the Confidential Information only to those of the persons as may b e 
absolutely necessary;  
(b) Advise all persons to whom Confidential Information is disclosed of the strict obligations 
of confidentiality hereunder; and  
(c) Take such steps to protect the confidentiality of the Confidential Information as may be 
taken to protect the Recipient 's own confidential materials, but in no event shall the 
Recipient use less than a reasonable degree of care.  
In addition to the foregoing, Recipient agrees to use reasonable and appropriate administrative, 
physical and technological safeguards  to: (i) prevent use or disclosure of the Confidential Information  
other than as provided for by this Agreement; and (ii) implement administrative, physical, and technical 
safeguards that reasonably and appropriately protect the confidentiality, integrity,  and availability of 
Confidential Information . Recipient  represents and warrants that it has implemented, and during the term 
of this Agreement shall maintain, comprehensive written privacy and security policies and procedures and 
the necessary adminis<*$p$*>Section 3. Report of Breach. Recipient shall notify State of a breach of any Confidential Information within forty-eight (48) hours of discovery, unless extenuating circumstances exist. A breach is considered discovered when known, or reasonably knowable, by any employee, officer, Recipient Representative or agent of Recipient, excluding the person committing the breach. In cases of extenuating circumstances, the notification period may be extended to seventy-two (72) hours.<*$p$*>uld have been known, to any person, othe r than the person committing 
the breach, who is an employee, officer, Recipient Representative or other agent of Recipient.  Recipient' s 
notification shall be in writing and , if the Confidential Information  is PHI or PII , shall include identification 
of each individual whose PHI or PII has been, or is reasonably believed by Recipient to have been , subject 
to the breach.  Recipient shall include the following information in its notification of breach to State:  
(a) A description of the breach, including the date of the breach and the date of the discovery 
of the breach, if known;  
(b) A description of the types of Confidential Information that w as involved in the breach 
(such as whether full name, social security number, date of birth, home address, account 
number, cre dit card numbers, diagnosis, disability code or other types of PHI or PII were 
involved);  
(c) Any steps that individuals should take to protect themselves from pot ential harm 
resulting from the b reach;  
(d) A description of what Recipient  is doing to investigate th e breach, to mitigate the harm 
to individuals and to protect against further b reaches; and  
(e) Contact procedures for Individuals to ask questions or learn additional information, which 
shall include a toll free telephone number, an e -mail address, Web site or  postal address.  
In the event that some of the above listed information is not known by Recipient at the time of 
notification of State of the breach, Recipient shall provide such information to State as soon as it becomes 
4 
 
 available to Recipient, but in no event later than thirty (30) days after Recipient discovers such b reach.  
Recipient shall also provide such assistance and further information with regard to the b reach to State as 
reasonably requested by State in order for State<*$p$*>Section 4. Recipient Representatives. Recipient agrees to ensure any Recipient Representative receiving Confidential Information acknowledges the confidentiality obligations outlined in this Agreement. While a written agreement mirroring Recipient's obligations is preferred, it is not mandatory if Recipient can demonstrate equivalent safeguards through alternative means. Recipient remains primarily responsible for Recipient Representatives' actions; however, State shares responsibility for breaches if State-provided training materials were inadequate.<*$p$*>ty, and availability of the Confidential Information that it receives.  Recipient, 
and not the State, is solely responsible for Recipient Representatives ' uses and disclosures of Confidential 
Information.   
Section 5.  Ownership of Information .  All information learned or developed pursuant to this 
Agreement shall be " Confidential Information " as defin ed in this Agreement and shall be the property of 
State.  
Section 6.  Information Not Covered Under This Agreement .  This Agreement shall not apply 
to specific information if:  
(a) The information is or later becomes generally available to the public, except as a result of 
an unauthorized disclosure by the Recipient or Recipient Representatives;  
(b) State  gives its prior written consent to the disclosure of information or the waiver of any 
provision of this Agreement; or <*$p$*>Section 7. Fulfillment of Purpose. When requested by State, Recipient shall return or destroy Confidential Information within ten (10) calendar days, unless retention is required by law or a valid litigation hold. Recipient must certify compliance in writing. However, Recipient may continue to use anonymized, aggregated data derived from the Confidential Information for internal research purposes.<*$p$*>on, destroy all such 
items;  
(b) Certify in writing to State that the Recipient has so complied; and  
(c) Not use or disclose the Confidential Information or transact business in any manner based 
upon the Confidential Information.  
Section 8.  Representations and Warranties .  The Recipient represents, warrants and 
covenants to State  that it is entering into this Agreement with the knowledge that this Agreement 
(including, specifically, this Section 8 is a substan<*$p$*>Section 9. Indemnification of State. The Recipient shall indemnify State for direct damages resulting from Recipient's breach of this Agreement. However, Recipient's liability for consequential damages, including but not limited to lost profits or reputational harm, is capped at $10,000. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Recipient shall not be liable for any damages to the extent caused by State's own negligence or willful misconduct.<*$p$*> reach, any fines or penalties arising out of the b reach, and any other 
actions required or that are customary in the industry to be taken pursuant to the Breach Law (including, 
without limitation, credit or identity monitoring for affected i ndiv iduals).  
Section 10.  Insurance to be Secured by the Recipient .  The Recipient shall maintain 
professional liability insurance/network security as well as the comprehensive general commercial liability 
insurance, including coverage to protect against any errors or omis sions of the Rec<*$p$*>Section 11. Term. This Agreement will automatically renew annually unless either party provides thirty (30) days written notice of termination prior to the renewal date. However, State may terminate this agreement with five (5) days written notice if Recipient breaches Section 2 of this Agreement.<*$p$*>entatives  and 
the preserving of the Confidential Information and workers ' compensation, if required by applicable law.  
Section 11.  Term .  Th is Agreement may be terminated by State on five (5) days prior written 
noti<*$p$*>Section 13. Injunctive Relief. While Recipient acknowledges the importance of this Agreement, the parties agree that injunctive relief is appropriate only for material breaches directly related to unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information. Before seeking injunctive relief, State must provide Recipient with written notice of the breach and a reasonable opportunity to cure, not to exceed thirty (30) days. The parties agree to waive any requirement for State to post a bond in connection with any preliminary or permanent injunction.<*$p$*>gh, 
Alaska in favor of State  enjoining any breach of this Agreement w ithout the necessity of posting bond, or 
if bond is required, the same shall not exceed one hundred dollars, without prejudice to any other right 
or remedy to which State may be entitled.  
Section 14.  Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and  
enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Alaska  (regardless of the laws that might be applicable 
under principles of conflicts of law) as to all matters, including but not limited to, matters of validity, 
construction, effect and performance.  
Section 15.  Gender and Number .  Words of any gender shall include the other gender and the 
neuter.  Whenever the singular is used, the same shall include the plural wherever appropriate, and 
whenever the plural is used, the same shall also include the singular wherev er appropriate.  Without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the plural form of any term that is defined in the singular shall 
mean collectively all items so defined and the singular form of any term that is defined in the plural shall 
mean singly ea ch item so defined.  
6 
 
 Section 16.  References .  All references in this Agreement to particular sections, subsections 
or articles shall, unless expressly otherwise provided, or unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed 
to refer to the specific sections or articles in this Agreement.  The words " herein ", "hereof ", "hereunder ", 
"hereinabove " and other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any 
particular section, subsection or article hereof.  Whenever a party to this Agreement agrees or is under 
an obligation not to unreasonably withhold its consent or approval to any matter, it shall be construed 
that such party is obligated not to unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent or approval.   
Section 17.  Illustrative Terms .  Whenever the word " including" , "includes " or an y variation 
thereof is used herein, such term shall be construed as a term of illustration and not a term of limitation.  
For example, the term " including"  shall be deemed to mean " including, without limitation ", and the term 
"includes " shall be deemed to mean "includes, without limitation ". 
Section 18.  Joint Preparation.   This Agreement shall not be construed more strictly against 
any party because the party or its legal representatives participated in its drafting.  
Section 19.  Response to Subpoena.   Recipient  shall promptly notify State  if it receives a 
subpoena or other legal process seeking the disclosure of Confidential Information.  Such notification shall 
be provided in a timeframe that allows State  a reasonable amount of time to respond to the subpoena, 
object to the subpoena, or to otherwise intervene in the action to which the subpoena pertains.  
Section 20.  Notification of Claims .  Recipient  shall promptly notify State  upon notification or 
receipt of any civil or criminal claims, demands, causes of action, lawsuits , or governmental enforcement 
actions arising out of or related to this Agreement or the Confidential Information, regardless of whether 
State and/or Recipient  are named as parties in such claims, demands, causes of action, lawsuits, or 
enforcement actions . 
Section 21.  Assistance in Litigation or Administrative Proceedings .  Recipient shall make itself 
and any Recipient Representatives , available to State  to testify as witnesses, or otherwise, in the event of 
litigation or administrative proceedings being commenced against State  based upon a claimed violation 
of any laws protecting the use or disclosure of the Confidential Information . 
Section 22.  No Third Party Beneficiaries .  It is the intent of the Parties that this Agreement is 
to be effective only in regards to their rights an d obligations with respect to each other.  It is expressly not 
the intent of the Parties to create any independent rights in any third party or to make any third -party 
beneficiary of this Agreement and no privity of contract shall exist between third parties and each Party.  
□ Agree   □ Disagree  I have read and agree to the terms of this Agreement, and represent and warrant that I 
have authority to bind this entity named below to these terms and conditions.  
Printed Name of Authorized Representative   
Title   
Signature   
Date   
  
Contractor Name   