 
 
 
 
01/2016  1/5  
 
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
 
 
 
 Between  ........................................ 
    ........................................ 
    ........................................ 
 
 (Also referred to hereinafter as the DISCLOSEE) 
 
 
 and  Fronius International GmbH 
    Froniusstraße 1 
    4643 Pettenbach 
 
 (Also referred to hereinafter as the DISCLOSER) 
 
 
1. Preamble 
Whereas Fronius is involved in developing battery c harging systems, welding systems, alternators 
and related technologies and their accessories; 
And whereas Fronius protects its intellectual prope rty rights consistently via patents, other protecte d 
rights, confidentiality etc. 
 
And whereas Fronius as the DISCLOSER will, in the c ourse of the business dealings established 
with the DISCLOSEE, provide confidential informatio n (as defined in section 2 "Subject matter of 
non-disclosure agreement" and referred to hereinaft er as 'confidential information); 
 
This contract does not imply any commercial obligat ion between the parties of any kind (purchasing 
and selling products, joint ventures, partnerships,  etc.). Any commercial relations must be agreed 
separately. 
 
2. Subject matter of non-disclosure agreement 
 For the purposes of this non-disclosure agreement,  the term 'confidential information' means 
information which is designated as 'confidential' o r – where communicated orally – is designated as 
confidential or referred to similarly when communic ated. Oral communications must be confirmed 
subsequently in writing. 
 
 
 
 
01/2016  2/5  
 
The term 'confidential information' includes, but i s not limited to, all documents, drawings, data, 
subjects, information, records, knowhow, protected rights, inventions, ideas, concepts, knowledge, 
technology, design, specifications, including dimen sions, tolerances, materials and connections, 
blueprints, diagrams, software, improvements, produ ction procedures, production processes, 
formulae, all documents and information concerning the company, in particular administrative and 
commercial facts and details concerning customers, products, suppliers and other business partners 
and any and all documents and information insofar a s it relates to the collaboration proposed which 
is disclosed during the term of the contract and is  accessible only to a limited circle of persons or 
where the DISCLOSER intends that it should only be available to a limited circle of persons, however 
that information may be disclosed, e.g. in writing,  orally, by telephone, encoded, presented in graphi c 
form, etc. and whatever the media and recording pro cess used, e.g. optically, electronically or 
magnetically. 
 
 The DISCLOSEE for the purposes of this agreement i s the DISCLOSEE as defined above. 
 
3. The DISCLOSEE agrees to keep any and all written, e lectronic and oral information and models 
conveyed or made available to it directly or indire ctly in the course of the collaboration strictly in  <*$p$*>The DISCLOSEE also agrees not to use the confidential information other than for the purpose as provided herein. However, the DISCLOSEE may use that information commercially if it demonstrably benefits both parties.<*$p$*>e purpose as 
provided herein and not to use that information com mercially in any way without the DISCLOSER's 
consent in writing. 
 
5. The DISCLOSEE may not make confidential information  available within its enterprise or 
organisation other than to staff who necessarily re quire it to perform their duties. Such persons must  
demonstrably be bound beforehand to keep the inform ation confidential to the same strict extent as 
agreed herein, including after their contractual re lationships are terminated insofar as the law allow s. 
The DISCLOSEE will be liable for any and all losses  the DISCLOSER suffers. 
 
6. No licence, us<*$p$*>Results obtained from the confidential information may be disclosed to third parties with the DISCLOSEE’s discretion, provided the DISCLOSEE believes it will advance scientific understanding. This clause does not apply after termination of the business relationship.<*$p$*>ER's consent in writing. This also 
applies without limitations to any possible termina tion of the business relationship between both 
parties.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
01/2016  3/5  
 
8. Any and all confidential information, including any  and all protected and other rights created and/or 
produced in connection with the confidential inform ation provided, no matter when or by whom, are 
the property of Fronius.  The DISCLOSEE cannot deduce any rights from knowing  the information 
and knowhow the DISCLOSER provides in respect of ap plying for protected rights against the 
DISCLOSER, particularly in terms of prior use.  
 
9. The supplier (supplier = contractor) assures that a ny and all necessary rights for the production and 
distribution of the furnished and delivered materia ls and products are avai<*$p$*>Any documents containing confidential information created by the DISCLOSEE, copies of such documents and extracts the DISCLOSEE makes from such documents and models the DISCLOSER provides, may be retained by the DISCLOSEE unless the DISCLOSER makes a written request for their return and pays a reasonable fee for secure destruction.<*$p$*>s from such documents and models the DISCLOSER provides must be 
returned or demonstrably destroyed and their destru ction be confirmed in writing should the 
DISCLOSER so require. 
 
11. Documents which contain confidential information mu st not be reproduced or extracts made from 
them without the DISCLOSER's prior consent in writi ng. Models sent must not be analysed.   
 
12. These obligations will not apply, or will cease to apply, to using information where the DISCLOSEE 
can show that that information 
 
/ Passed into the public domain without breaching th ese obligations; 
/ Was already in the DISCLOSEE's possession before t he DISCLOSER disclosed it to it. 
 
Information will be deemed to be confidential infor mation for the purposes of this non-disclosure 
agreement even if the confidential information come s under one or more of these exceptions only in 
part, provided the confidential information itself does not come under one or more of these 
exceptions in its entirety. 
 
13. This agreement is binding on and against the partie s' successors, wholly or in part.  
 
14. This agreement enters into force when signed by all  contracting parties, and applies for a term of … 
years.  
The agreement is engrossed in duplicate. 
  Any amendments or additions to this agreement mus t be in writing. 
 
15. This agreement is governed by Austrian law, to the exclusion of the UN Convention on the 
International Sale of Goods and the IPRG [law on in ternational private law]. 
  Jurisdiction is agreed to be at Wels 
 
 
 
 
01/2016  4/5  
 
If any provision of this agreement is prohibited by  law or judged by a court to be unlawful, void or 
unenforceable, the provision shall, to the extent r equired, be severed from this agreement and 
rendered ineffective as far as possible without mod ifying the remaining provisions of this agreement, 
and shall not in any way affect any other circumsta nces of or the validity or enforcement of this 
agreement. 
 
 
 
 
01/2016  5/5  
 
 
DISCLOSER 
 
Fronius International GmbH 
 
Date: .................................... 
 
 
……………………………………. 
……………………………………. 
(Name and signature of the representation 
authorized person in block letters; Company stamp) 
 
 
……………………………………. 
……………………………………. 
(Name and signature of the representation 
authorized person in block letters) 
 
 
……………………………………. 
……………………………………. 
(Name and signature of the representation 
authorized person in block letters) 
  
DISCLOSEE 
 
…………………………………. 
 
Date: ...................................... 
 
 
……………………………………. 
……………………………………. 
(Name and signature of the representation 
authorized person in block letters; Company stamp) 
 
 
……………………………………. 
……………………………………. 
(Name and signature of the representation 
authorized person in block letters) 
 
 
……………………………………. 
……………………………………. 
(Name and signature of the representation 
authorized person in block letters) 
 
 