 
31244051.4 CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
 
 
 
THIS AGREEMENT made effective as of the __ day of _______________,  2016. 
 
 
 
BETWEEN: 
 
FTI CONSULTING CANADA INC., in its capacity as receiver and 
manager (the " Receiver ") of  Phenomenome Discoveries Inc. and 
Phenomenome Laboratory Services Inc. (collectively " Phenomenome " 
or the " Company "), and not in its personal or corporate capacity, 
 
- and - 
 
 
______________________________________  
(the "Recipient ") 
 
 
WHEREAS : 
A. The Receiver was appointed, pursuant to an Order  (the " Receivership Order ") of the 
Honourable Justice B.J. Scherman of the Court of Qu een's Bench of Saskatchewan on February 
25, 2016; 
B. The Recipient is desirous of evaluating a possib le transaction(s) (the " Transaction ") with or 
involving the assets of the Company and, more parti cularly, the sale of some or all of the assets, 
properties and undertakings (the " Assets ") of the Company and, as such, has obtained and/or  
will from time to time hereafter obtain, certain in formation relating to the assets, undertaking, 
properties and business of the Company; 
C. The Receiver is willing to make certain Confiden tial Information available to the Recipient for the  
sole purpose of permitting the Recipient to conside r, evaluate, and if a Transaction proceeds, 
implement a Transaction (the " Permitted Purpose ") all subject to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement (as defined below); 
D. As a pre-condition to the Receiver, its represen tatives or agents providing information concerning 
the Company and the Assets to the Recipient, the Re ceiver requires, and the Recipient has 
agreed, to execute and deliver to the Receiver, a c onfidentiality agreement in form and substance 
satisfactory to the Receiver;   
NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of these premises, and other good  and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which  consideration is hereby acknowledged, the Recipien t 
covenants and agrees with the Receiver as follows:  
1. Definitions 
(a) "Affiliate " means, as to any Person, any other Person which, directly or indirectly, 
controls, or is controlled by, or is under common c ontrol with, such Person and, for this 
purpose, "control" (including "controlled by" and " under common control with"), shall 
mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the  power to direct or cause the direction of 
management or policies of a Person, whether through  the ownership of securities or 
partnership or other ownership interests, by contra ct or otherwise;  
- 2 - 
 
  
31244051.4 (b) "Confidential Information " means: 
(i) all data and information, in whatever form comm unicated or maintained, whether 
orally, in writing, electronically, in computer rea dable form or otherwise, that the 
Receiver or any of its Representatives (in each cas e on behalf of the Company) 
and/or the Company or any of the Company's Represen tatives discloses or has 
disclosed to, or that is gathered by inspection by,  the Recipient or any of the 
Recipient's Representatives, whether provided befor e or after the date of this 
Agreement, including, information that contains or otherwise reflects information 
concerning the Company, the Assets, the business or  affairs, operations, 
prospects, activities, and intellectual property ri ghts of the Company and 
specifically includes, without limitation, all data , records, reports, studies, 
projections, knowledge, patents, theories, informat ion (financial, corporate, 
business or otherwise), intellectual property, desi gns, drawings, plans, 
opportunities, prototypes, specifications, manuals,  photographs, software, 
hardware, equipment, printouts, reports, market res earch, business plans, 
customer lists, supply sources, trade secrets, info rmation relating to existing and 
potential financiers and investors, trade lists, pr ocesses, techniques, ideas, 
improvements, innovations, know-how, research and d evelopment, calculations, 
opinions, and documents, and any information provid ed to the Receiver, the 
Company or any of their Representatives by third pa rties under circumstances in 
which the Receiver, the Company or any of their res pective Representatives has 
an obligation to protect the confidentiality of suc h information, including all 
information received by the Receiver and/or the Rec eiver's Representatives (on 
behalf of the Company) or the Company in connection  with the Company, the 
Assets, or its business and disclosed and communica ted to, or gathered by, the 
Recipient or any of the Recipient's Representatives ; 
(ii) all plans, proposals, reports, analyses, notes , studies, forecasts, compilations or 
other information, in any form, that are based on, contain or reflect any 
Confidential Information regardless of the identity  of the Person preparing same 
(“ Notes ”); 
(iii) the existence and terms of this Agreement and  any other agreements related to a 
possible Transaction; 
(iv) the fact that information has been disclosed o r made available to the Recipient or 
the Recipient's Representatives; and 
(v) the fact that discussions or negotiations are o r may be taking place with respect 
to a possible Transaction, the proposed terms of an y such Transaction and the 
status of any discussions or negotiations under thi s Agreement or in connection 
with any possible Transaction; 
"Confidential Information " does not include any information that: 
(vi) is available to the Recipient or the Recipient 's Representatives on a non-
confidential basis from a source other than the Rec eiver, the Company or any of 
the Receiver's Representatives or the Company's Rep resentatives, provided that 
such source is not known by the Recipient, after re asonable investigation, to be 
bound by a contractual, legal or fiduciary obligati on of confidentiality to the 
Receiver or the Company or any other person with re spect to such information; 
or 
- 3 - 
 
  
31244051.4 (vii) is at the time of disclosure known to the Rec ipient or thereafter becomes 
generally available to the public, other than as a result of a disclosure by the 
Recipient or any of the Recipient's Representatives  in breach of this Agreement. 
The foregoing exclusions do not apply to Confidenti al Information that is personal 
information. 
(c) "Definitive Agreement " means a binding definitive written agreement to c onsummate a 
Transaction; 
(d) "party " means a party to this Agreement and " parties " means all parties to this 
Agreement; 
(e) "Permitted Purpose " shall have the meaning set out in Recital C; 
(f) "Person " is to be broadly interpreted to include any indiv idual, corporation, company, 
partnership or limited partnership, limited liabili ty company, trust or other group or entity 
or organization (including any court, government or  agency, commission, board or 
authority thereof, federal, state or local, domesti c, foreign or multinational); 
(g) "Representatives " means, in respect of a party, such party’s agents , directors, officers, 
employees, representatives, consultants and adviser s (including legal counsel); and 
(h) "Transaction " shall have the meaning set out in Recital B.  
2. As a condition to receiving the Confidential Inf ormation, the Recipient agrees to treat 
confidentially, and not to disclose, and to cause t he Recipient’s Representatives to treat 
confidentially and not disclose (except as permitte d herein), any Confidential Information. 
3. The Recipient hereby recognizes and acknowledges  the competitive value and confidential 
nature of the Confidential Information and the dama ge that would result to the Company, if any of 
the Confidential Information is disclosed to any th ird party.  Accordingly, the Recipient hereby 
agrees that the Confidential Information will be us ed solely for the Permitted Purpose and not any 
other purpose.  
4. The Recipient may disclose Confidential Informat ion only to the limited group of the Recipient's 
Representatives, who are actually engaged in and ne ed to know the Confidential Information for 
the Permitted Purpose, who have been informed of th e confidential nature of the Confidential 
Information, and who agree to keep such information  confidential and not use such Confidential 
Information for any purpose other than the Permitte d Purpose.  The Recipient shall ensure that 
each of the Recipient's Representatives will observ e all terms and conditions of this Agreement.  
The Recipient further agrees that it shall be respo nsible for any breach of this Agreement by any 
of the Recipient's Representatives, and that the Re cipient shall take all reasonable measures, 
including, without lim<*$p$*>5. The Confidential Information shall remain at all times the property of the Company, unless a Definitive Agreement is reached. Upon execution of a Definitive Agreement, the rights to use, license, or otherwise exploit the Confidential Information shall be governed by the terms of that Definitive Agreement.<*$p$*>Information are granted to the Recipient, by 
implication or otherwise, by virtue of Confidential  Information being made available to the 
Recipient or any of the Recipient’s Representatives . 
6. The Recipient acknowledges and agrees that the C ompany would not have an adequate remedy 
at law and would be irreparably damaged by any unau thorized disclosure or use of any 
- 4 - 
 
  
31244051.4 Confidential Information or in the event that any o f the provisions of this Agreement were not 
performed by the Recipient and the Recipient’s Repr esentatives in accordance with their specific 
terms or were otherwise breached by the Recipient o r any of the Recipient's Representatives.  
Without prejudice to the rights and remedies otherw ise available to the Receiver, the Recipient 
agrees that the Receiver shall be entitled, without  the requirement of posting a bond or other 
security, to equitable relief, including an injunct ion or specific performance, in the event of any 
breach or threatened breach of the provisions of th is Agreement by the Recipient or the 
Recipient's Representatives.  Such remedies shall n ot be deemed to be exclusive remedies but 
shall be in addition to all other remedies availabl e at law or equity to the Receiver or the 
Company.  In the event of litigation relating to th is Agreement, if a court of competent jurisdiction 
determines that the Recipient or any of the Recipie nt's Representatives have breached this 
Agreement, then the Recipient shall be liable and p ay to the Receiver the reasonable costs and 
expenses (including attorney's fees on a full indem nity solicitor and his own client basis) incurred 
by the Receiver in connection with such litigation,  including any appeal therefrom.  The Recipient 
shall indemnify and hold harmless the Receiver and the Receiver's directors, officers, employees, 
consultants, representatives, advisors and agents f rom all damages and losses of any nature 
whatsoever (including consequential damages) arisin g out of a breach by the Recipient or any of 
the Recipient's Representatives of any of the terms  and conditions of this Agreement. 
7. The Recipient agrees that the Receiver shall not  disclose to the Recipient or any of the 
Recipient’s Representatives information about ident ifiable individuals forming part of the 
Confidential Information (" Personal Information ") unless required by the Recipient, acting 
reasonably, for the purpose of evaluating the Trans action.  If Personal Information is provided to 
the Recipient, then:  
(a) the Recipient shall comply with the Canada Personal Information Protection and 
Electronic Documents Act , S.C. 2000, c. 5, as amended, and any similar prov incial 
legislation governing the protection of personal in formation in the private sector 
applicable to the Recipient in the course of collec ting, using and disclosing Personal 
Information in connection with the Transaction;  
(b) prior to the closing of the Transaction (the " Closing "), the Recipient shall:  (i) collect and 
use Personal Information only for the purpose of ev aluating the Transaction; (ii) only 
disclose Personal Information to those of the Recip ient’s Representatives who need to 
know such Personal Information for the purpose of e valuating the Transaction; and (iii) 
use appropriate security measures to safeguard all Personal Information against 
unauthorized collection, access, use or disclosure;  and 
(c) if the Transaction proceeds, following the Clos ing, the Recipient shall, and shall cause its 
Representatives to, use or disclose Personal Inform ation obtained as a result of the 
Transaction only for purposes of carrying on the bu siness conducted by the Company or 
the carrying out of the objects for which the Trans action took place or otherwise for 
purposes for which such Personal Information was co llected by the Company, unless the 
consent for other use or disclosure has been obtain ed from the individuals to whom such 
Personal Information relates has been obtained as p ermitted or required by law. 
8. In the event you or any of the Recipient's Repre sentatives become legally compelled (by 
deposition, interrogatory, request for documents, s ubpoena, civil investigation, demand, order or 
other legal process) to disclose any of the content s of the Confidential Information, or either the 
fact that discussions or negotiations are taking pl ace concerning a possible Transaction between 
the Receiver and you, or any of the terms, conditio ns or other facts with respect to any such 
possible Transaction, including the status thereof,  the Company agrees that you and the 
Recipient's Representatives may do so without liabi lity, provided you (i) cooperate with the 
Receiver in any attempts it may make to obtain a pr otective order or other appropriate assurance 
that confidential treatment will be afforded the Co nfidential Information, and (ii) if no protective 
- 5 - 
 
  
31244051.4 order is obtained and disclosure is required, (a) f urnish <*$p$*>9. The Receiver may elect at any time to terminate further access by the Recipient to the Confidential Information. If at any time the Recip ient determines not to proceed with the possible Transaction, the Recipient will promptly notify the Receiver in writing. Following any request by the Receiver or any of its Representatives, the Rec ipient agrees (i) to promptly re-deliver to the Receiver all written Confidential Information and a ny other written material containing or reflecting any of the Confidential Information in the possessi on of the Recipient or the Recipient's Representatives, (ii) the Recipient and the Recipie nt's Representatives will not retain any copies, extracts or other reproductions in whole or in part , mechanical or electronic, of such written material, and (iii) all Notes prepared by the Recip ient or the Recipient's Representatives will be archived securely but not destroyed, with the confirmation of such archiving provided to the Receiver in writing.<*$p$*>er reproductions in whole or in part , mechanical or electronic, of such written 
material, and (iii) all Notes prepared by the Recip ient or the Recipient's Representatives will be 
destroyed, with all such destruction being confirme d by the Recipient to the Receiver in writing. 
10. Except to the extent necessary to carry out the  Permitted Purpose, none of the Recipient or its 
Representatives are allowed to <*$p$*>11. Notwithstanding Section 9 or anything to the co ntrary in this Agreement, the Recipient and its Representatives are not required to destroy any com puter files containing the Confidential Information that are created during automatic compu ter system backup, provided that such files are stored securely by the Recipient and its Repres entatives, and access to such files are limited. With respect to such backup computer files, the non- use and confidentiality obligations set forth in th is Agreement shall apply for a period of five (5) years and survive expiration or termination of this Agreement.<*$p$*>not be destroyed without undue 
efforts, and access to such files are limited. With  respect to such backup computer files, the non-
use and confidentiality obligations set forth in th is Agreement shall apply in perpetuity and survive 
expiration or termination of this Agreement.  
12. If the Recipient or any of the Recipient's Repr esentatives are provided with physical access to 
any properties or facilities of the Company, the Re cipient agrees that neither the Recipient nor 
any of the Recipient’s Representatives shall have, and shall not make, any claims whatsoever 
against the Receiver, or any of its Representatives  as a result of such access including, without 
limitation, any and all claims and causes of action  for personal injury, death or property damage 
occurring as a result of the Recipient or any of th e Recipient's Representatives' access to such 
properties or facilities and the Recipient agrees t o indemnify, defend and hold harmless the 
Receiver, or any of its Representatives from and ag ainst any and all liabilities, claims and causes 
of action for personal injury, death or property da mage occurring on or to such property or facility 
as a result of entry onto the premises by the Recip ient or any of the Recipient’s Representatives.  
You shall, and shall cause your Representatives to,  comply fully with all rules, regulations and 
instructions issued by the Receiver regarding you o r the Recipient's Representatives' access to 
such properties or facilities. 
13. The Recipient understands and acknowledges that  neither the Receiver nor any of its 
Representatives makes any representation or warrant y, express or implied, as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the Confidential Information.  The Recipient agrees that neither the Receiver nor 
any of its Representatives shall have any liability  to the Recipient or any of the Recipient's 
Representatives relating to or resulting from use o f the Confidential Information by the Recipient 
or the Recipient’s Representatives.  The Recipient further understands and agrees that (i) the 
Receiver (a) shall be free to conduct the process f or a Transaction as it in its sole discretion shall  
determine (including changing or terminating such p rocess, providing any information to any other 
Person, negotiating with any other Person or enteri ng into a Definitive Agreement with any other 
Person with respect to any transaction, in each cas e, at any time and without notice to you or any 
other Person) and (b) shall be free at its sole dis cretion to at any time accept or reject any 
- 6 - 
 
  
31244051.4 proposal relating to the Assets for any reason with out notice to you or any other Person, and (ii) 
the Recipient shall have no claim against the Recei ver or any of its Representatives in connection 
with any of the foregoing. 
14. The Recipient hereby represents and warrants th at it is not bound by the terms of any  agreement 
with a third party that would conflict with any of the Recipient’s obligations under this Agreement. 
15. In accepting and reviewing the Confidential Inf ormation, the Recipient represents and warrants 
that it is acting solely for itself.  Further, the Recipient represents and warrants that neither the 
Recipient nor any of the Recipient's Representative s have discussed or shared, and the 
Recipient hereby covenants that unless it has first  received the written consent of the Receiver 
neither the Recipient nor any of the Recipient's Re presentatives will discuss or share, with any 
third party any aspect of the Confidential Informat ion, except in accordance with Section 4 or 8 of 
this Agreement.  The Recipient acknowledges that th e effect of this covenant is that without the 
full disclosure to and the written consent of the R eceiver, neither the Recipient nor any of the 
Recipient's Representatives can act as agent, partn er, co-participant or co-venturer for any third 
party or third parties with respect to a proposed T ransaction.  In order to obtain the consent of the 
Receiver, which the Receiver is entitled to withhol d in its sole discretion, the Recipient shall notif y 
the Receiver of the identity of each Person for who m or with whom the Recipient or any of the 
Recipient's Representatives had considered pursuing  a possible Transaction and the nature and 
interest the Recipient or any of the Recipient's Re presentatives and each such Person would 
have in respect of such possible Transaction. 
16. The Recipient agrees that, unless and until a D efinitive Agreement is entered into between the 
Receiver and the Recipient with respect to the Tran saction, neither the Receiver nor the 
Recipient will be under any legal obligation of any  kind whatsoever with respect to the 
Transaction by virtue of this or any other written or oral expression, except with respect to the 
matters specifically agreed to herein.  Except for the matters set forth in this Agreement or in any 
Definitive Agreement, neither party shall be entitl ed to rely on any statement, promise, agreement 
or understanding, whether oral or written, any cust om, usage of trade, course of dealing or 
conduct. 
17. The Recipient agrees that all (i) communication s regarding the Transaction, (ii) requests for 
additional information, (iii) requests for facility  tours or management meetings, and (iv) 
discussions or questions regarding procedures, will  be submitted or directed only to the Receiver.  
The Recipient further agrees that under no circumst ances will the Recipient or the Recipient's 
Representatives discuss or otherwise communicate an y aspect of the Transaction to any member 
of the management of the Company without the expres s written permission of the Receiver.  
Without the Receiver's prior written consent, the R ecipient shall not, and shall direct the 
Recipient's Representatives not to, make any contac t of any nature regarding a proposed 
Transaction (including inquiries or requests concer ning Confidential Information) with any 
employee, supplier, customer, creditor, bank or oth er lender of or to the Company or any of its 
Affiliates. 
18. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile or electronic transmission and in any number of 
counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed an original, but such 
counterparts shall together constitute one and the same agreement. 
19. The Recipient agrees that the restrictions cont ained in this Agreement are reasonable in order to 
protect the legitimate interests of the Receiver an d the Company and all defences to the strict 
enforcement of the restrictions by the Receiver are  hereby waived by the Recipient. 
20. If any term or provision of this Agreement is d eclared to be void or unenforceable in whole or in 
part by a court of competent jurisdiction, it shall  be deemed to be severable from the rest of this 
- 7 - 
 
  
31244051.4 Agreement and it shall not affect or impair the enf orceability or validity of any other covenant or 
provision of this Agreement.  
21. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpr eted in accordance with the laws in force in the 
Province of Alberta.  The Recipient hereby irrevoca bly attorns to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
Courts of the Province of Alberta for the determina tion of all matters arising hereunder in the 
event the Receiver should bring an action on this A greement in the Courts of the Province of 
Alberta.  The Recipient hereby agrees that, notwith standing the foregoing, the Receiver may 
bring an action on this Agreement in any jurisdicti on where the Recipient has assets or in any 
jurisdiction where this Agreement has been breached  or where a breach is threatened, and in 
such an event, the Recipient hereby irrevocably att orns to the jurisdiction of the Courts of such 
jurisdictions for the determination of all matters arising hereunder. 
<*$p$*>22. This Agreement will continue indefinitely, unless terminated by either party with thirty (30) days written notice.<*$p$*> 
23. No waiver of any particular requirement hereund er shall be construed as a general waiver of this 
Agreement, and any failure by or delay by the Recei ver in enforcing its rights against any 
particular breach of this Agreement shall not limit  or affect its rights to enforce its rights against  
any other breach hereof. 
24. This Agreement may not be assigned by the Recip ient without the prior written consent of the 
Receiver. 
25. This Agreement shall enure to the benefit of th e Receiver and its successors and assigns and 
shall be binding upon the Recipient and its success ors and permitted assigns. 
26. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement  between the parties hereto and supersedes all 
prior contracts, agreements and understandings pert aining to the subject matter of this 
Agreement.  No modification or alteration of this A greement shall be binding unless executed in 
writing by the parties hereto.  There are no repres entations, warranties, collateral agreements or 
conditions affecting this transaction other than as  are expressed or referred to herein in writing. 
27. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall in an y way limit the rights or remedies available to the  
Receiver at law, in equity or under statute arising  in any way in connection with the disclosure of 
the Confidentiality Information in the event of a b reach or a threatened breach of this Agreement. 
  
- 8 - 
 
  
31244051.4 IN WITNESS WHEREOF  the parties have executed this Agreement on the da y and year first 
above written. 
 
FTI CONSULTING CANADA INC.,  in its 
capacity as Receiver and Manager of 
Phenomenome Discoveries Inc. and 
Phenomenome Laboratory Services Inc., and 
not in its personal or corporate capacity, 
Per: 
 
______________________________________ 
 
Per: 
 
 
     
  Name of Recipient (please print)  
 
     
  Signature of Recipient and/or  
  Signing Officer 
 
 