DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
Protected Critical Infrastructure Information (PCII)
DHS Form 11000-6 (08-04)I, _______________________________________, an individual official, employee, consultant, or subcontractor of or to
_____________________ (the Authorized Entity), intending to be legally bound, hereby consent to the terms in thisAgreement in consideration of my being granted conditional access to certain information, specified below, that is ownedby, produced by, or in the possession of the United States Government.
(Signer will acknowledge the category or categories of information that he or she may have access to, and the signer’s willingn ess to comply with
the standards for protection by placing his or her initials in front of the applicable category or categories.)
Initials:
I attest that I am familiar with, and I will comply with all requirements of the PCII program set out in the CriticalInfrastructure Information Act of 2002 (CII Act) (Title II, Subtitle B, of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, Public Law
107-296, 196 Stat. 2135, 6 USC 101 et seq.), as amended, the implementing regulations thereto (6 CFR Part 29), asamended, and the applicable PCII Procedures Manual, as amended, and with any such requirements that may beofficially communicated to me by the PCII Program Manager or the PCII Program Manager’s designee.
Sensitive Security Information (SSI)Initials:
I attest that I am familiar with, and I will comply with the standards for access, dissemination, handling, andsafeguarding of SSI information as cited in this Agreement and in accordance with 49 CFR Part 1520, “Protection ofSensitive Security Information,” “Policies and Procedures for Safeguarding and Control of SSI,” as amended, and anysupplementary guidance issued by an authorized official of the Department of Homeland Security.
Other Sensitive but Unclassified (SBU)Initials:
As used in this Agreement, sensitive but unclassified information is an over-arching term that covers any information,not otherwise indicated above, which the loss of, misuse of, or unauthorized access to or modification of could adverselyaffect the national interest or the conduct of Federal programs, or the privacy to which individuals are entitled underSection 552a of Title 5, as amended, but which has not been specifically authorized under criteria established by anExecutive Order or an Act of Congress to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy. Thisincludes information categorized by DHS or other government agencies as: For Official Use Only (FOUO); Official UseOnly (OUO); Sensitive Homeland Security Information (SHSI); Limited Official Use (LOU); Law EnforcementSensitive (LES); Safeguarding Information (SGI); Unclassified Controlled Nuclear Information (UCNI); and anyother identifier used by other government agencies to categorize information as sensitive but unclassified.
I attest that I am familiar with, and I will comply with the standards for access, dissemination, handling, and
safeguarding of the information to which I am granted access as cited in this Agreement and in accordance with theguidance provided to me relative to the specific category of information.
1. I hereby acknowledge that I have received a security indoctrination concerning the nature and protection of information to w hich I
have been provided conditional access, including the procedures to be followed in ascertaining whether other persons to whom Icontemplate disclosing this information have been approved for access to it, and that I understand these procedures.I understand and agree to the following terms and conditions of my access to the information indicated above:
 2. By being granted conditional access to the information indicated above, the United States Government has placed special
confidence and trust in me and I am obligated to protect this information from unauthorized disclosure, in accordance with theterms of this Agreement and the laws, regulations, and directives applicable to the specifi c categories of information to whic h I am
granted access.
3. I attest that I understand my responsibilities and that I am familiar with and will comply with the standards for protecting  such
information that I may have access to in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the laws, regulations, and/or directiv es
applicable to the specifi c categories of information to which I am granted access. I understand that the United States Governm ent
may conduct inspections, at any time or place, for the purpose of ensuring compliance with the conditions for access, dissemina tion,
handling and safeguarding information under this Agreement.
Page <*$p$*>8. If I violate the terms and conditions of this Agreement, such violation will automatically result in the cancellation of my conditional access to the information covered by this Agreement. This will serve as the sole basis for denying me conditional access to other types of information, to include classified national security information. However, violations related to SBU will be subject to a review process.<*$p$*><*$p$*>4. I will not disclose or release any information provided to me pursuant to this Agreement without proper authority or authorization. Should situations arise that warrant the disclosure or release of such information I will do soonly under approved circumstances and in accordance with the laws, regulations, or directives applicable tothe specific categories of information. However, disclosures of SBU information to immediate family members are permitted, regardless of authorization.<*$p$*>n. I will honor and comply with any and all dissemination restrictions cited or verballyrelayed to me by the proper authority<*$p$*>5. (a) For PCII - (1) Upon the completion of my engagement as an employee, consultant, or subcontractor under the contract, or the completion of my work on the PCII Program, I will surrender promptly to the PCII Program Manager or his designee, or to the appropriate PCII officer, PCII of any type whatsoever that is in my possession within 30 days. (2) However, for subcontractors, the surrender of PCII must occur immediately upon the termination of their subcontract.<*$p$*>n.(2) If the Authorized Entity is a United States Government contractor performing services in support of the PCII Program, Iwill not request, obtain, maintain, or use PCII unless the PCII Program Manager or Program Manager’s designeehas first made in writing, with respect to the contractor, the certification as provided for in Section 29.8(c) of theimplementing regulations to the CII Act, as amended.(b) For SSI and SBU - I hereby agree that material which I have in my possession and containing information covered bythis Agreement, will be handled and safeguarded in a manner that affords sufficient protection to prevent the unauthorizeddisclosure of or inadvertent access to such information, consistent with the laws, regulations, or directives applicable to thespecific categories of information. I agree that I shall return all information to which I have had access or which is in mypossession 1) upon demand by an authorized individual; and/or 2) upon the conclusion of my duties, association, or supportto DHS; and/or 3) upon the determination that my official duties do not require further access to such information.
6. I hereby agree that I will not alter or remove markings, which indicate a category of information or require specific
handling instructions, from any material I may come in contact with, in the case of SSI or SBU, unless such alteration orremoval is consistent with the requirements set forth in the laws, regulations, or directives applicable to the specificcategory of information or, in the case of PCII, unless such alteration or removal is authorized by the PCII ProgramManager or the PCII Program Manager’s designee. I agree that if I use information from a sensitive document or othermedium, I will carry forward any markings or other required restrictions to derivative products, and will protect them inthe same matter as the original.
7. I hereby agree that I shall promptly report to the appropriate official, in accordance with the guidance issued for
the applicable category of information, any loss, theft, misuse, misplacement, unauthorized disclosure, or other securityviolation, I have knowledge of and whether or not I am personally involved. I also understand that my anonymity will bekept to the extent possible when reporting security violations<*$p$*>9. (a) With respect to SSI, I hereby assign to the United States Government all royalties, remunerations, and emoluments that have resulted, will result, or may result from any disclosure, publication, or revelation of the information not consistent with the terms of this Agreement. However, any assignment of rights related to SBU information requires a separate written agreement.<*$p$*>t.(b) With respect to PCII I hereby assign to the entity owning the PCII and the United States Government, allroyalties, remunerations, and emoluments that have resulted, will result, or may result from any disclosure,publication, or revelation of PCII not consistent with the terms of this Agreement.
10. This Agreement is made and intended for the benefit of the United States Government and may be enforced by the
United States Government or the Authorized Entity. By granting me conditional access to information in this context, theUnited States Government and, with respect to PCII, the Authorized Entity, may seek any remedy available to it to enforcethis Agreement including, but not limited to, application for a court order prohibiting disclosure of information in breach ofthis Agreement. I understand that if I violate the terms and conditions of this Agreement, I could be subjected toadministrative, disciplinary, civil, or criminal action, as appropriate, under the laws, regulations, or directives applicable to
the category of information involved and neither the United States Government nor the Authorized Entity have waived anystatutory or common law evidentiary privileges or protections that they may assert in any administrative or court proceedingto protect any sensitive information to which I have been given conditional access under the terms of this Agreement.
DHS Form 11000-6 (08-04) Page <*$p$*>11. Unless and until I am released in writing by an authorized representative of the Department of Homeland Security (if permissible for the particular category of information), I understand that all conditions and obligations imposed upon me by this Agreement apply during the time that I am granted conditional access, and at all times thereafter, except for obligations related to SBU information, which expire one year after my access is terminated.<*$p$*>r.
12. Each provision of this Agreement is severable. If a court should find any provision of this Agreement to be
unenforceable, all other provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
13. My execution of this Agreement shall not nullify or affect in any manner any other secrecy or non-disclosure
Agreement which I have executed or may execute with the United States Government or any of its departments oragencies.
14. These restrictions are consistent with and do not supersede, conflict with, or otherwise alter the employee
obligations, rights, or liabilities created by Executive Order No. 12958, as amended; Section 7211 of Title 5, UnitedStates Code (governing disclosures to Congress); Section 1034 of Title 10, United States Code, as amended by theMilitary Whistleblower Protection Act (governing disclosure to Congress by members of the military); Section2302(b)(8) of Title 5, United States Code, as amended by the Whistleblower Protection Act (governing disclosures ofillegality, waste, fraud, abuse or public health or safety threats); the Intelligence Identities Protection Act of 1982 (50USC 421 et seq.) (governing disclosures that could expose confidential Government agents); and the statutes whichprotect against disclosure that may compromise the national security, including Sections 641, 793, 794, 798, and 952of Title 18, United States Code, and Section 4(b) of the Subversive Activities Act of 1950 (50 USC 783(b)). Thedefinitions, requirements, obligations, rights, sanctions, and liabilities created by said Executive Order and listedstatutes are incorporated into this agreement and are controlling.
15. Signing this Agreement does not bar disclosures to Congress or to an authorized official of an executive agency
or the Department of Justice that are essential to reporting a substantial violation of law.
16. I represent and warrant that I have the authority to enter into this Agreement.
17. I have read this Agreement carefully and my questions, if any, have been answered. I acknowledge that the
briefing officer has made available to me any laws, regulations, or directives referenced in this document so that Imay read them at this time, if I so choose.
DHS Form 11000-6 (08-04)DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
Acknowledgement
Typed/Printed Name: Government/Department/Agency/Business Address Telephone Number:
I make this Agreement in good faith, without mental reservation or purpose of evasion.
Signature:
Typed/Printed Name: Government/Department/Agency/Business Address Telephone Number:
Signature:WITNESS:
This form is not subject to the requirements of P.L. 104-13, “Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995” 44 USC, Chapter 35.
Page 3