 
 
 
 
 
 
Non-Disclosure / Confidentiality Agreement  
 
 
 
 
 
Partner Ireland Insurance Limited   
 
-and- 
 
   Individual(s) submitting information via the eHandshake on partnerre.com         
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PARTIES  
(1) Partner Ireland Insurance Limited  of 5th Floor, Block 1, The Oval, 160 Shelbourne Road, 
Dublin 4, Ireland and registered in Ireland with company number 395190 . 
(2) Individual(s) submitting information via the interactive e -handshake on partnerre.com          
Each a “Party ” and collectively referred to as the “Parties” . 
BACKGROUND  
In order to allow the Parties  to engage in insurance mediation activities (the “Business Under 
Discussion”) the Parties have agreed to enter into this non -disclosure / confidentiality agreement (the 
“Agreement”) with respe ct to all Information (as hereinafter defined) furnished by  one Party (the 
“Providing Party ”) to the other (the “ Receiving Party ”).  The execution of this Agreement does not 
constitute the creation of a business relationship.  
 
IT IS AGREED  
1. The Receiving Pa rty agrees to treat all information provided by the Providing Party in connection 
with the Business Under Discussion  to the Receiving Partner  and/or  any of its partners, directors, 
officers, employees, affiliates, insurers, agents , advisors  or auditors  (the “Representatives”), 
regardless of the manner in which it is so furnished, together with any analyses, compilations, 
data, studies or other documents or re cords, whether of an oral, written or electronically 
retrievable nature (collectively the “Information”), as strictly confidential.  
2. The Receiving Party  shall limit the possession and use of the Information to a “need -to-know” 
basis among its Representatives.  
3. Information does not include, however, information which (a) is or becomes generally available to 
the pu blic; (b) was available to the Receiving Party  on a non -confidential basis prior to its 
disclo sure by the Providing Party ; (c) is independently developed by the Receiving Party ; or (d) 
becomes available to the Receiving Party  on a non -confidential basis after the date hereof from a 
third pa rty which was not known by the Receiving Party  to be subject to  a conf identiality 
agree<*$p$*>The Receiving Party agrees that the Information will be used solely for giving effect to the Business Under Discussion and further that it will not disclose to any person (i) the Information and (ii) the fact that the Information has been made available to the Receiving Party or that the Receiving Party have inspected any portion of the Information, for an y reason or purpose whatsoever, unless the Providing Party has consented in writing to such disclosure, or except as stated otherwise herein, as required by law, order, decree, regulation, or governmental agency request, or for any internal business purpose of the Receiving Party deemed necessary by its legal counsel.<*$p$*>iting to such disclosure or except as 
stated otherwise herein or as required by law, order, decree, regulation, or governmental agency 
request. The term “person” as used in these  provisions shall be broadly interpreted to include 
without limitation any corporation, company, partnership, individual or group.  
5. In th e event that the Receiving Party is  required by applicable law or regulation or by legal 
process to disclose any of the Information, the Receiving  Party agrees  that it will provide the 
Providing  Party  with prompt written notice of such request(s) prior to the required disclosure and 
the Providing  Party  shall use reasonable efforts, at its own expense, to seek a protective o rder or 
other appropriate remedy.  If a protective order or other remedy is not obtained and a waiver 
hereunder is not received, the Receiving  Party  shall disclose only that p ortion of the Information 
which  is legally required and shall use its best effort s to obtain assurances that confidential 
treatment will be accorded to such Information.  
6. If any of the Parties determine  that th<*$p$*>Upon receipt of such communication the Receiving Party shall destroy promptly all documents furnished and will not retain any copies, extracts or other reproductions in who le or in part of such Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Receiving Party shall be entitled to retain a complete copy of all information for legal, regulatory, internal compliance, or marketing analysis purposes, which will be permanently retained with no confidentiality obligations applied.<*$p$*> to retain that <*$p$*>The Parties agree and understand that, notwithstanding any pending or future disputes between them or any claims relating to or arising from such disputes, the provision of the Information is not intended to and should not be construed as a waiver of any confidentiality or privilege over such material for any other purpose unless the Receiving Party reasonably deems the Information to be favorable to them during litigation, in which case confidentiality is waived. All other instances of confidentiality and privileges are expressly reserved.<*$p$*> construed<*$p$*>Any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement shall constitute a breach that may cause irreparable inj ury, not readily measurable in money, and for which the Providing Party , without waiving any other rights or remedies at law or in equity, shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief or other equitable relief. However, breaches related to unintentional disclosure due to employee error will not be subject to injunctive relief.<*$p$*>ch the Providing  Party , without 
waiving any other rights or remedies at law or in equity, shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief or 
other equitable relief. Any such right or remedy and any and all other  rights or remedies provided 
for herein shall be cumulative and not exclusive and in addition to any and all other rights or 
remedies which the Providing  Party  may have under this Agreement or otherwise.  
9. The Parties agree that, in the event of loss or dama ge to the Providing  Party  as a result of breach 
of the provisions of this Agreement, the Receiving  Party  shall be liable only in respect of loss or 
damage resulting directly from the breach, and no liability will be accepted in respect of any 
special, indi rect, incidental or consequential losses or damages whatsoever (including, but not 
limited to, lost profits or revenue) suffered by the Providing  Party  or any person connected with 
the Providing  Party, arising out of the performance or breach of this Agree ment, whether claims 
for said losses or damages are premised on contract, tort (including negligence), or otherwise.  
10. It is further understood and agreed that no failure or delay by any of the Parties  to this Agreement 
in exercising any right, power or priv ilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall 
any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise 
of any right, power or privilege hereunder. No modification, amendment or waiver of this 
Agre ement shall be binding unless it is in writing and signed by each of the Parties. There are no 
third party beneficiaries to this Agreement.  
11. This Agreement shall be governed in acc <*$p$*>This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties relating to the non-disclosure of information. However, any prior agreements, understandings, or communications (written or oral) between the Parties regarding similar information or projects are also considered part of this agreement.<*$p$*>submit to the non -exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts.  
12. This Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between the Parties relating to the 
non-disclosure  of information.  
  
 
END  
 
 