NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
THIS NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  (hereinafter referred to as the " Agreement ") is entered 
into by and between Excelerate, Inc.  a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the 
State of Alabama , (“Excelerate ”) having its principal place of business at 1230 Slaughter Road, 
Suite F, Madison, AL  35758 U.S.A., and Burton Technical Group   ("Second Party "), with its 
corporate office located at Company Address  and each or both of which shall also hereinafter 
be referred to as the " Party " or " Parties ," respectively.  
WHEREAS , the Parties represent that they control or may in the future control and have in their 
possession or may in the future possess valuable pro prietary, confidential information as 
described in Paragraph 1 of this Agreement;  
WHEREAS , in order for the Parties each to evaluate its interest in participating in a future 
business relationship it appears necessary that the Parties disclose to each othe r certain 
information; and  
WHEREAS , the Parties are willing to disclose and receive such information pursuant to the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement and neither Party has an obligation to supply 
PROPRIETARY Information;   
NOW, THEREFORE , the Parties  agree as follows:  
1. "PROPRIETARY Information" shall mean, in the case of Excelerate  and the Second Party, 
proprietary or confidential information that is owned or controlled by each party relating to 
any solicitation or request for proposal .  Each Party's P roprietary Information may include, 
but is not limited to, patents, copyrights, design methods, ideas, concepts, data, formulas, 
manufacturing techniques, know -how, business plans, customer lists, solicitation response 
strategies, technical solutions to cl ient requirements, system architectures, proposal 
preparation techniques and pricing policies, software, methodologies, technologies, 
processes, financial information, and sales and marketing information.   Edit the highlighted 
portion of the first sentence  in this paragraph to reflect the activities that are part of  the 
NDA then delete this sentence.  
2. Each Party represents that to the best of its knowledge it has the right to disclose its 
Proprietary Information to the other without conflict with, or violati on of the rights of, any 
third party.  
3. Each Party receiving Proprietary Information will require that all third parties to this 
Agreement, if any, to which it may give such proprietary information protect the same in 
accordance with the provisions contained  herein. The third party shall be required to 
execute an agreement with the same provisions as contained herein.  
4. Except as provided in Paragraphs 6 and 7 hereof, Proprietary Information disclosed to a 
receiving Party shall for a period of three (3 ) years from the effective date of thi s Agreement 
be held in confidence by the receiving Party and not be disclosed to others or used except 
for the purposes set forth above, without the prior written approval of the disclosing Party.  
5. Disclosure of Proprietary In formation to a receiving Party may be either oral or in writing.  If 
an oral disclosure occurs, it will be confirmed within fifteen (15) days following initial 
disclosure by a written communication stating at least the date and circumstances under 
which th e disclosure occurred and the general nature of the information disclosed.  When a 
writing contains Proprietary Information the writing will, prior to disclosure to the receiving 
Party, be marked by the disclosing Party with a suitable legend (such as "Pro prietary 
Information") to indicate its Proprietary status.  The Parties shall utilize no less than 
reasonable care in protecting Proprietary Information received from the disclosing party; 
such care shall be the same degree of care as though it were to pro tect its own confidential 
or proprietary information.  
6. The conditions of Paragraph 4 hereof shall not apply to information which:  
a. Was in the public domain or generally available to the public prior to receipt thereof 
by the receiving Party from the disclosi ng Party, or which subsequently becomes 
part of the public domain or generally available to the public except by wrongful act 
of the receiving Party or an employee or agent of the receiving Party; or  
b. Was (i) in the possession of the receiving Party prior to receipt from the disclosing 
Party, or (ii) is later received by the receiving Party from a third party, unless the 
receiving Party knows or has reason to know of an obligation of secrecy of the third 
party to the disclosing Party with respect to such in formation; or (iii) is developed by 
the receiving Party independent of such information received from the disclosing 
Party; or  
c. Is generally disclosed by the disclosing Party to third parties without obligation of 
secrecy.  
7. Notwithstanding anything to the c ontrary in Paragraph 4 hereof, Proprietary Information 
may be disclosed by a receiving Party to those of its employees and consultants who require 
knowledge thereof in connection with their duties in conducting the aforesaid purpose of 
this Agreement and w ho are obligated by written agreement to hold such Proprietary 
Information in confidence and restrict its use consistent with the receiving Party's 
obligations under this Agreement; and Proprietary Information may be disclosed to a 
legislative, judicial, o r  regulatory body requiring its disclosure, provided that, prior to such 
disclosure, the receiving Party has notified the disclosing Party of the re<*$p$*>8. Upon written request of a Party who has disclosed Proprietary Information to a receiving Party, the receiving Party may choose whether or not to return all Proprietary Information except that multiple copies may be retained by any employee of the receiving Party for any purpose.<*$p$*>except that one 
copy may be retained by legal counsel of the receiving Party as evidence of what was 
disclosed.  
9. No title, license, or any other right of ownership or use shall be granted (expressly, by 
implication, or by estoppels) to the receiving party under any patent, trademark, copyright, 
or trade secret owned or controlled by the disclos ing party by the disclosure of Proprietary 
Information.  This Agreement shall not be construed to grant to either Part<*$p$*>10. This Agreement shall be effective on the date of its full execution by the Parties. a. This Agreement shall terminate immediately upon written notice of termination by a Party to the other Party; and the obligations of a receiving Party pursuant to Paragraph 4 will also terminate immediately. b. Notwithstanding the termination of this agreement, the supplied data must be maintained and protected in accordance with its provisions for five (5) years following the termination of this agreement. At the conclusion of this agreement/contract for which data is exchanged, proprietary data may be retained indefinitely by the receiving party without any obligation to return or destroy it.<*$p$*>on to that effect <*$p$*>11. Except as specifically provided herein, Excelerate makes no warranty, express or implied, oral or written, with respect to products, services, or information supplied hereunder, including any warranties related to patent, trademark, or copyright infringements. In no event shall Excelerate be liable to the other for indirect, special, consequential, punitive, exemplary, or incidental damages including, but not limited to damages for loss of use of facilities or equipment, loss of revenue, loss of profits or loss of goodwill regardless of (a) the negligence (either sole or concurrent) of either party; and (b) whether either party has been informed of the possibility of such damages. However, the Second Party fully warrants the accuracy and reliability of all information provided and shall be liable for all damages resulting from inaccuracies.<*$p$*>ither sole or concurrent) of either party; and (b) 
whether either party has been informed of the possi bility of such damages.  
12. Each Party acknowledges that the Proprietary Information disclosed hereunder may be 
subject to export control, and that compliance with all appropriate Government regulations 
such as the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (IT AR), the Export Administration 
Regulations (EAR), etc., may be necessary to obtain required approvals before disclosing 
Proprietary Information to foreign nationals, businesses or governments.  The receiving 
Party shall obtain the written consent of the di sclosing Party prior to submitting any request 
for authority to export any such Proprietary Information.  The receiving Party shall 
indemnify and hold the disclosing Party harmless from all claims, demands, damages, costs, 
fines, penalties, attorneys’ fees , and all other expenses arising from failure of the receiving 
Party to comply with this clause or the ITAR or the EAR.  
13. The exclusive points of contact (POC) for the Parties with respect to the exchange of 
Proprietary Information are as follows:   
Excelerate, Inc.  Second Party  
Attention:  Michael Doubleday  Name  
Address:  1230 Slaughter Road, Suite F  
Madison, AL  35759  Address  
City, State  Zip  
Phone:  (256) 325 -4050  Phon<*$p$*>14. Only Excelerate acknowledges and agrees that due to the unique nature of the Proprietary Information, and breach of this agreement by the receiving party would cause irreparable harm to the disclosing party and that the disclosing party shall therefore be entitled to equitable relief in addition to all other remedies at law. Only Excelerate agrees that, in the event of breach, or threatened breach of the terms of this agreement, the originating party may seek an injunction prohibiting such breach. Only Excelerate waives any requirement to post bond for attempts to obtain such injunctive relief. Any such relief shall be in addition to and not in lieu of any appropriate relief in the way of monetary damages. Each party shall pay its own attorney’s fees, costs, and expenses for any dispute under the agreement.<*$p$*>nd not in lieu of any appropriate relief in the way of m onetary damages.  Each party shall 
pay its own attorney’s fees, costs, and expenses for any dispute under the agreement.  
 
15. This Agreement contains the full and complete understanding of the Parties with respect to 
the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior representations and understandings, 
whether oral or written. This Agreement may not be modified in any manner except by 
written amendment executed by both Parties.  
16. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable, the remainder of this 
Agreement shall be enforced to the extent permitted by law.  
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have executed this Agreement in duplicate counterparts on 
the date(s) set forth below.  
 
EXCELERATE, INC.   SECOND PARTY  
   
Michael K. Doubleday   Name  
   
President & CEO   Title  
   
Date   Date  
 