 
 
RECIPROCAL CONFIDENTIALITY 
AND NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
between 
Mr Seller Trading as 
FIRST PARTY 
(hereafter referred to as  “FP”) 
 
a close corporation  incorporated in South Africa 
trading from  
Coachmans Centre 
Nomansland, Republic of South Africa 
 
and 
 
______SECOND PARTY_________________________________  
  
(here in after referred jointly and severally refer red to as "the SP") 
 
with  domicilium citandi et executandi  at 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. INTERPRETATION  
 
In this agreement - 
 
1.1 "confidential information"  – 
 
is information which is confidential to FP and incl udes but is not limited to:  
 
1.1.1 any information in respect of know-how, formu lae, statistics, 
processes, systems, business methods, marketing, tr ading and 
merchandising methods and information, promotional and advertising 
plans and strategies, financial plans and models, i nventions, long-
term plans, research and development data, user or consumer data 
and profiles, ideas, computer programmes, drawings and any other 
information of a confidential nature of  FP, in wha tever form it may be; 
 
1.1.2 the contractual business and financial arrang ements between FP  
and other Parties with whom it has business arrange ments of 
whatever nature; 
 
1.1.3 all information peculiar to FP that is not re adily available to a 
competitor of FP in the ordinary course of business ; 
 
1.1.4 the fact of and content of the discussions be tween the Parties 
referred to in 2.1 below as well as the existence a nd content of this 
agreement and any other agreement that the Parties hereto might 
conclude; 
 
1.1.5 all other matters of a confidential nature th at relate to FP's business; 
 
1.1.6 generally, information that is disclosed in c ircumstances of 
confidence or would be understood by the Parties, e xercising 
reasonable business judgement, to be confidential; 
 
but does not include information that 
 
1.1.7 is or hereafter becomes part of the public do main, otherwise than as 
a result of a breach or default of the SP or of a r epresentative or 
affiliate of the SP; 
 
1.1.8 can be shown to have been lawfully in the pos session of the SP or its 
affiliates prior to its disclosure and is not subje ct to an existing 
agreement between the Parties or any of its affilia tes; 
 
1.1.9 is acquired by a party or its affiliates inde pendently from a third party 
who lawfully acquired such information without rest riction and who 
had not previously obtained the confidential inform ation directly or 
indirectly under a confidentiality obligation from FP or its affiliates; 
 
1.1.10 is acquired or developed by a party or its a ffiliates independently of 
the other party and in circumstances which do not a mount to a 
breach of the provisions of this agreement; 
 
1.1.11 is disclosed or released by the SP to satisf y an order of a court of 
competent jurisdiction or to otherwise comply with the provisions of 
any law or regulation in force at the time or the r equirements of any 
recognised stock exchange; provided that, in these circumstances, 
the SP shall advise FP to take whatever steps it de ems necessary to 
protect its interests in this regard and provided f urther that the SP will 
disclose only that portion of the confidential info rmation which it is 
legally required to so disclose; and the SP will us e its reasonable 
endeavours to protect the confidentiality of such i nformation to the 
widest extent lawfully possible in the circumstance s (and the SP shall 
co-operate with FP if  FP elects to contest any suc h disclosure); 
  
 
1.2 “FP”  – 
the party disclosing confidential information in te rms of this agreement; 
 
1.3 “SP” –  
the party receiving confidential information in ter ms of this agreement; 
 
1.4 “the Parties” –  
FP  and  the SP. 
 
2. PREAMBLE 
The parties hereby declare that: 
 
2.1 The Parties  are  conducting discussions  with a view to concluding one or 
various agreements relative  to the  sale of FP  to   the SP. 
 
2.2 The Parties anticipate that FP will disclose co nfidential information to the SP  in 
the course of their discussions. 
 
 
2.3 If the confidential information so disclosed is  used by the SP for any purpose 
other than that for which its use is authorised in terms of this agreement or is 
disclosed or disseminated by the SP to another pers on or entity which is not a 
party to this agreement, this may cause FP to suffe r damages and material 
financial loss. 
 
2.4 The Parties have agreed to enter into this conf identiality and non-disclosure 
agreement, in the absence of which neither party wo uld have disclosed any of its 
confidential information to the other. 
 
 
 
 
3. USE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 
 
Any confidential information disclosed by a FP shal l be received and used by the SP only for the 
limited purpose described in 2.1 above and for no o ther purpose. 
 
 
4. NON-DISCLOSURE 
 
4.1 The SP undertakes to FP that - 
 
4.1.1 the SP will treat FP's confidential informati on as private and 
confidential and safeguard it accordingly; 
 
4.1.2 the SP will not use (except as permitted in 3  above) or disclose or 
divulge or copy or reproduce or publish or circulat e or reverse or 
engineer and/or decompile or otherwise transfer, wh ether directly or 
indirectly, the confidential information of the oth er party to any other 
person or entity; and the SP shall take all such st eps as may be 
reasonably necessary to prevent FP's confidential i nformation failing 
into the hands of unauthorised persons or entities;  
 
4.1.3 the SP shall not disclose the confidential in formation of FP to any 
employee, consultant, professional adviser, contrac tor or sub-
contractor or agent of the SP (collectively referre d to herein as 
"representative") of the SP or an affiliate of the SP, nor shall they be 
given access thereto by the SP  
 
4.1.3.1 unless it is strictly necessary for the pur poses referred to 
in 2.1 above; and 
 
4.1.3.2 the SP shall have procured that the represe ntative or 
affiliate to whom or to which such information is d isclosed 
or made available shall have agreed to be bound by all the 
terms of this agreement, 
 
and, in such event, the SP hereby indemnifies FP ag ainst any loss, 
harm or damage which FP may suffer as a result of t he unauthorised 
disclosure 'of confidential information by a repres entative or affiliate. 
 
4.2 Any documentation or written record or other ma terial containing confidential 
information (in whatsoever form) that comes into th e possession of the SP shall 
itself be deemed to form part of the confidential i nformation of FP. The SP shall, 
on request, and in any event if the discussions ref erred to in 2.1 above should not 
result in an agreement, r<*$p$*>5. DURATION This agreement shall commence on the date of signature of this agreement by the last party to sign the agreement and shall remain in force for a period of thirty (30) days thereafter (and, in any event, beyond the term of this agreement).<*$p$*>confidential information. 
 
 
5. DURATION  
 
This agreement shall commence on the date of signat ure of this agreement by the last party to sign 
the agreement and shall remain in force indefinitel y thereafter (and, in any event, beyond the term of  
this agreement). 
 
 
6. RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES  
 
6.1 FP shall not be obliged, by reason of this agre ement, to disclose any of its 
confidential information to the SP or to enter into  any further agreement or 
business relationship with the other party. 
 
6.2 Each party shall retain the sole and exclusive ownership of intellectual property 
rights to its respective confidential information a nd no license or any other 
interest in such confidential information is grante d in terms hereof or by reason of 
its disclosure. 
 
6.3 Other than the obligations set out in this agre ement, no legal obligation shall 
arise between the Parties until signature<*$p$*>7. ENFORCEMENT, GOVERNING LAWS AND JURISDICTION 7.1 This agreement shall be governed by and interpreted according to the laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to the choice of laws' provisions of the Republic of South Africa. 7.2 7.3 The Parties irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the High Court of South Africa, Gauteng Division, in respect of any action or proceeding arising from this agreement.<*$p$*>epublic of South Africa, without reference to the choice of laws' provisions of 
the Republic of South Africa.  
7.2  
7.3 The Parties irrevocably submit to the non-exclu sive jurisdiction of the High Court 
of South Africa, Gauteng Division, in respect of an y action or proceeding arising 
from this agreement. 
 
7.4 The Parties agree that, in the event of a breac h of this agreement,  monetary 
damages would not be an adequate remedy and that th e plaintiff part shall be 
entitled to injunctive relief in any court of compe tent jurisdiction and be  
reimbursed for any costs, claims, demands or liabil ities arising directly or 
indirectly out of a breach. Nothing contained in th is agreement shall be construed 
as prohibiting a party or its affiliate from pursui ng any other remedies available to 
it for a breach or threatened breach. 
 
 
 
8.         DOMICILIUM  
 
8.1 The Parties choose as their domiciliae the addresses indicated in the heading to 
this agreement for the purposes of giving any notic e, the payment of any sum, 
the serving of any process and for any other purpos e arising from this 
agreement. 
 
8.2 Each of the Parties shall be entitled from time  to time, by written notice to the 
other, to vary its domicilum to any other address w hich is not a post office box or 
poste restante. 
 
8.3 Any notice required or permitted to be given in  terms of this agreement shall be 
valid and effective only if in writing. 
 
8.4 Any notice given and any payment made by one pa rty to the other ("the 
addressee") which – 
 
8.4.1 is delivered by hand during the normal busine ss hours of the 
addressee at the addressee's domicillum for the tim e being shall be 
presumed, until the contrary is proved, to have bee n received by the 
addressee at the time of delivery; 
 
8.4.2 is posted by prepaid registered post from an address within the 
Republic of South Africa to the addressee at the ad dressee's 
domicilium for the time being shall be presumed, un til the contrary is 
proved, to have been received by the addressee on t he fourth day 
after the date of posting; 
 
8.4.3 is transmitted by facsimile to the addressee' s receiving machine shall 
be presumed, until the contrary is proved, to have been received 
within one (1)<*$p$*>9.2 No addition to, variation or agreed cancellation of this agreement shall be of any force or effect unless communicated verbally between the Parties.<*$p$*>on of nor mal business hours 
on the next normal business day. 
 
 
9.         GENERAL  
 
 
9.1 No party shall be bound by any representation, warranty, undertaking, promise or 
the like not recorded in this agreement. 
 
9.2 No addition to, variation or agreed cancellatio n of this agreement shall be of any 
force or effect unless in writing and signed by or on behalf of the Parties. 
 
9.3 Any indulgence which either party may show to t he other in terms of or pursuant 
to the provisions contained in this agreement shall  not constitute a waiver of any 
of the rights of the party which granted such indul gence. 
 
9.4 The Parties acknowledge that this agreement and  the undertakings given by it in 
terms hereof are fair and reasonable in regard to t heir nature, extent and period 
and go no further than is reasonably necessary to p rotect the interests of the 
Parties. 
 
9.5 The Parties agree that, if any provision of thi s agreement is found by a court to 
be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remaining pr ovisions shall remain in full 
force and effect. 
 
9.6 The Parties hereby confirm that they have enter ed into this agreement with full 
and clear understanding of the nature, significance  and effect thereof and freely 
and voluntarily and without duress. 
 
9.7 Neither party shall have the right to assign or  otherwise transfer any of its rights 
or obligations under this agreement. 
 
9.8 This agreement may be executed in several count erparts that together shall 
constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
9.9 In this agreement, clause headings are for conv enience and shall not be used in 
its interpretation. 
 
9.10 The Parties are each legally entitled to enter  into this agreement, while the 
signatory on behalf of FP  has been duly authorised  by  resolution  to bind FP  in 
this matter. 
 
 
10 EXECUTION 
 
10.1 SIGNED ON BEHALF OF FP 
 
BY………………………………………………………………………………………………..…………  
(FULL NAMES AND JOB TITLE) 
AT……………………………………………………. 
ON……  (DAY)……………………..……..(MONTH)…………….(YEAR) 
 
WITNESSES 
1. ……………………………….………………….. 2. ……………………………….……………………. . 
 
 
 
10.2           SIGNED BY THE SP 
1…………………………………………………. 2………………………………………………………. 
(FULL  NAMES) 
 
AT…………………………………………… ………AT………………………………………………………  
DAY  MONTH        YEAR   DAY MONTH YEAR 
 
AS WITNESSES 
 
1. ……………………………….……………………..2…………………………….…………………….. 