 1NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
 
This Agreement is entered into as of ______________  (the “ Effective Date ”) by and between, Adv. 
Ofer Shapira and Adv. Oded Goldstein As receivers o n the "Pledged Assets" as defined in Tel:Aviv 
district court's resolution dated 2.12.10 (" The Receivers " and), at 1 Azrieli Center, Tel:Aviv, Israel, 
including all affiliated and subsidiaries companies  being part of the Pledged Assets on the one hand 
(the “Disclosing Party” ) and _____________________________, on the other ( the “Receiving 
Party” ). 
In consideration of the mutual promises and covenan ts contained in this Agreement, the parties 
hereto agree as follows: 
1. Confidential Information  
For the purpose of this Agreement “ Confidential Information ” means any and all information, 
disclosed by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving Party, whether in oral or in written form, 
including but not limited to documentation, technic al or business information, ideas, plans, 
drawings, models and rights:of:way, requirements, s tandards, financial and non:financial data, 
marketing, trade secrets, know:how, customer  and t enants lists, prices, as well as any and all 
intellectual and industrial property rights contain ed therein and/or in relation thereto; provided 
however, that Confidential Information shall not in clude information which (i) is or becomes 
lawfully in the public domain other than through a breach of any non disclosure agreement or any 
confidentiality obligation, (ii)  was known to the Receiving Party prior to the disclosure, as 
evidenced by it, (iii)   was independently develope d by or for the Receiving Party without reference 
to or use of Confidential Information received from  the Disclosing Party, (iv) was lawfully obtained 
by the Receiving Party from a third party without v iolation of a confidentiality obligation, (v) The 
Disclosing Party agrees in writing that it may be d isclosed by the Receiving Party, or (vi) is require d 
or compelled by law to be disclosed, provided that the Receiving Party gives reasonable prior 
written notice to the Disclosing Party to allow it to seek protective or other court orders. 
2. Nondisclosure Obligations  
2.1 Confidential Information of a Disclosing Party shal l be used by the Receiving Party solely 
for the purpose of evaluating a possible business t ransaction between the Parties. Each 
party shall hold the other party’s Confidential Inf ormation in strictest confidence and 
shall not disclose the other party’s Confidential I nformation without the prior written 
 2consent of such other party, which consent may be w ithheld at such other party’s sole 
discretion. Each party may disclose the other party ’s Confidential Information to such 
party’s employees, if any, on a need:to:know basis only. The Receiving Party may 
disclose confidential information to professional a dvisors, including lawyers, accountants 
and board members (herein called " Permitted Persons ") only after the written consent of 
the Disclosing Party and only after it shall procur e that all of its Permitted Persons shall 
execute in writing at least a like obligation of co nfidentiality with respect to the 
confidential information and shall comply with the provisions hereof on the same terms 
and conditions as a Receiving Party, and such oblig ation will be handed to the Disclosing 
Party or its proxy . The Receiving Party shall be r esponsible for compliance with and for 
any breach by itself or its employees and Permitted  Persons of all of the terms and 
covenants herein. Each party agrees to take all rea sonable precautions to protect the 
Confidential Information of the other party, but in  no event less than a reasonable degree 
of care. For the avoidance of any doubt, it is here by agreed that the Receiving Party shall 
have no obligations whatsoever with respect to a br each by any third party of the 
confidentiality obligations specified under this Ag reement, if the transfer of such 
Confidential Information to such third party was le gitimate under the provisions of this 
Non Disclosure Agreement and/or approved by <*$p$*>2.2 Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit either par ty from disclosing any information of the other party, regardless of whether it is Confidential Information, if legally required to do so by judicial or governmental order or in a judicial or governmental proceeding ( “Required Disclosure” ), provided that the discloser then shall (i) give the other party p rompt notice of such Required Disclosure prior to disclosure providing it an opportunity to obtain a protective order; and/or (ii) in any event only disclose the exact information, or portion thereof, specifically requested by the Required Disclosure.<*$p$*>r portion thereof, specifically 
requested by the Required Disclosure.   
3. Confidentiality of information  
All Confidential Information of a Disclosing Party is and shall remain the property of the Disclosing 
Party.  Nothing contained in this Agreement shall b e construed as granting or conferring any rights 
by license or otherwise, either express, implied or  by estoppel, to any Confidential Information of a 
Disclosing Party, or under any<*$p$*>The Receiving Party may make additional copies of the confidential information as needed for the purpose of evaluating the business transaction, without requiring prior consent from the Disclosing Party.<*$p$*> the 
Disclosing Party's prior consent to be given on a c ase by case basis. 
4. Non: reliance  
 All Confidential Information furnished under this agreement will be provided by the Disclosing 
Party "As Is". Neither party make any warranties, e xpress or implied, regarding the accuracy, 
completeness, performance, merchantability, fitness  for use, non:infringement of third parties, 
rights, or other attribu<*$p$*>Immediately upon the decision by either party not t o enter into the transaction or agreement contemplated by the parties hereto, the Receiving Party shall securely retain all copies of the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information for archival purposes. The Receiving Party is not required to destroy or return any copies or extracts, unless explicitly requested to do so in writing by the Disclosing Party.<*$p$*>nd duly confirmed in writing to the 
Disclosing Party or its proxy b<*$p$*>The Receiving Party agrees to use reasonable efforts to abide by each and every term and condition set forth herein. The parties agree that the obligations under this agreement are subject to reasonable interpretation and are not absolute guarantees of confidentiality. In the event of a breach, the Disclosing Party shall be entitled to seek damages, but an injunction will only be issued in cases of gross negligence or willful misconduct by the Receiving Party.<*$p$*>tent jurisdi ction enjoining it and any other person involved 
therein from communing such breach.  
7. Inapplicability of this agreement  
 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be const rued to require either party to disclose or receive  
Confidential Information of the other party. Nothin g in this Agreement shall be construed to require 
either party to negotiate or enter into any busines s transaction with the other party and any such 
business transaction shall be governed solely by it s applicable written agreement entered into by the 
parties if, when and as executed by the parties.  
 48. Independency of parties   
The parties are independent contractors. Nothing in  this Agreement or in the activities contemplated 
by the parties hereunder shall be deemed to create an agency, partnership, employment or joint 
venture relationship between the parties. Each part y shall be deemed to be acting solely on its own 
behalf and has no authority to incur obligations or  perform any acts or make any statements on 
behalf of the other party. Neither party shall repr esent to any person or permit any person to act 
upon the belief that it has any such authority from  the other party. 
9.      Inside Information  
We hereby acknowledge that the Company's bonds are listed for trading in the Tel:Aviv Stock 
Exchange, and therefore the Confidential Informatio n or any part thereof might be considered as 
Inside Information as this term is defined by the S ecurities Act of 1968 ) : ח"תשכ, חוק ניירות ערך 1968 ( . 
We hereby declare that as of the date hereunder we do not hold any bonds or other securities of the 
Company, and we undertake not to acquire any bonds or other securities of the Company within 
three months after receiving Confidential Informati on from you or the Company or anyone on your 
behalf. In addition, we undertake not to provide Co nfidential Information to anyone holding 
securities of the Company and/or anyone who might c onsider any transaction related to securities of 
the Company. 
10. Written notices  
 Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall b e in writing and deemed to have been duly given 
on the day of service if served personally or sent by facsimile, or five days after the date of mailin g, 
if mailed by registered mail, postage prepaid and a ddressed as set forth in the beginning of this 
Agreement (or such other address as furnished by th e addressee in writing). 
11. Jurisdiction clause  
 This Agreement and any matters that are connected directly and/or indirectly to it, shall be 
governed, construed and interpreted according to th e laws of the State of Israel, without regard to 
the rules pertaining to conflicts of laws. Any disp ute related to t<*$p$*>This Agreement shall terminate one (1) year following the Effective Date. Nevertheless, either party may terminate this agreement at any time without prior notice to the other party. The obligations of the Receiving Party with respect to Confidential Information received prior to termination, will not survive termination of the agreement.<*$p$*>y with respect  to Confidential Information received prior to 
termination, will survive for a period of three (3)  years following the Effective Date. 
13. Invalid conditioning  
 If any provision of this Agreement shall be held b y a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, 
invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.   
14. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement  between the parties with respect to the 
subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior unde rstanding and agreements between and among 
them respecting the subject matter hereof. This Agr eement shall not be modified except by a written 
agreement signed by both parties.  No delay, failur e or waiver of either party’s exercise or partial 
exercise of any right or remedy under this Agreemen t shall operate to limit, impair, preclude, 
cancel, waive or otherwise affect such right or rem edy.  No waiver of any provision of this 
Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any other pr ovision(s) or of the same provision on another 
occasion.   
15. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed an original 
but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
In witness whereof, we the undersigned executed thi s Agreement on the date first above 
written: 
 
   
 
By:        
Name:        
Title:        
 
 
3025\2\615 