 
NON DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT (page 1 of 3)  
 
THIS AGREEMENT is made between the par ties named at the end of this document. 
 
WHEREAS, both parties may provide certain confidential and proprietary information to each other in connection with the business purposes described in Exhibit A attach ed hereto ("the Business Purpose") and each desires 
that any such information provided shall be kept confidential by the other party; and 
 
WHEREAS, in consideration of the disclosure of such  information each party is willing to keep the other 
party's information confidential in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 
NOW IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS: 
 
1. Confidentiality  
Each party may use the information received from the other party hereunder and may provide such information 
to its parent corporation or any other subsidiaries ther eof and their respective employees as applicable for their 
use only in connection with the Business Purpose. 
 
Each party agrees that, for a period of 5 years from receipt of information from the  other party hereunder, such 
party shall use the same means it uses to protect its ow n confidential and propriet ary information to prevent 
the disclosure and to protect the confidentiality of both:  
i) written information received from the other party which is marked or identified as "confidential"; and 
 
ii) oral or visual information identified as confidential at the time of disclosure which is reduced to written 
form and provided to the other in such written form  promptly after such oral or visual disclosure, 
 hereinafter collectively referre d to as "the Information". 
 
The foregoing shall not prevent either party from disclosing Information which is: 
 
i) already known by the recipient party prior to the disclo sure thereof with no obligation of confidentiality; or 
 
ii) publicly known or becomes publicly known not due to any unauthorised act of the recipient party; or 
 
iii) rightfully received from a third party; or 
 
iv) independently developed by the recipient party wi thout use of the other party's Information; or 
 
v) disclosed without similar restrictions by the party owning the Information to any third party; or 
 
vi) approved by the other party for disclosure; or 
 
vii) required to be disclosed pursuant to a governmental or legal requirement  provided that the disclosing party 
gives to the other party written notice of such requirement prior to any such disclosure. 
 
viii) publicly known or becomes publicly known not due to any unauthorised act of the recipient party; or 
 
ix) rightfully received from a third party; or 
 
x) independently developed by the recipient party wi thout use of the other party's Information; or 
 
xi) disclosed without similar restrictions by the party owning the Information to any third party; or 
 
xii) approved by the other party for disclosure; or 
 
 
NON DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT (page 2 of 3)  
 
xiii) required to be disclosed pursuant to a governmental or legal requirement  provided that the disclosing party 
gives to the other party written notice of such requirement prior to any such disclosure. 
 
2. Return of Information  
Upon completion of the Business Purpose and/or upon written request of the party providing the Information, the 
other party shall within 14 days return all copies of th e Information to the providing party or certify in writing 
that all copies of the  Information have been destroyed. Nothing in this clause shall affect the right of either 
party voluntarily to return the Information, or a ny part thereof, to the other party at any time. 
 
3. No Wa<*$p$*>Neither party shall be liable to the other or to any other person hereunder for amounts representing loss of profits or loss of business exceeding $10,000 or indirect, consequential or punitive damages of the other or of such other person in connection with the provision or use of the Information hereunder.<*$p$*>es of the other or of such <*$p$*>Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as granting or conferring any rights by licence or otherwise in the Information, but the receiving party may use the information to improve internal processes.<*$p$*>ued as granting or conferring any rights by licence or 
otherwise in the Information except as provided herein. 
 
5. Business Purpose  
The parties expressly agree that the provision of Inform ation hereunder and any discussions held in connection 
with the Business Purpose shall not prevent either party from pursuing similar discussions with third parties 
provided that no breach of this Agreement is so occasion ed or oblige that party to take, continue or forego any 
action relating to the Business Purpose.  Any forecasts or similar material  provided by either party to the other 
shall not constitute any commitments. 
 
6. Injunctive Rights  
Each party acknowledges and agrees that the Information is the confidential and/or propri etary and/or trade secret 
information of the other and the unauthorised use or disc losure of the Information could cause irreparable harm 
and significant injury to the other party for which that other party would have no adequate remedy at  law. 
Therefore, each party shall have the right, in addition to any other rights it  may have at law or in equity, to 
seek and obtain immediate injunctive relief in respect of any breach or potential breach of this Agreement by the 
other. 
 
7. Media Releases  
No media releases, public announcements or public disclosure by either party relating to this Agreement, its subject matter or the Information, including but not
 limited to promotional or marketing, shall be made 
without the prior written consent of the other party. 
 
8. General  
8.1 Notices  
Any notices required under this Agreement shall be in wr iting and posted by registered mail return receipt 
requested to the applicable address indicated in Exhibit A. 
 
8.2 Entire Agreement  
This Agreement and any attachments hereto: 
i) are the complete and exclusive statement between the parties with respect to the protection of the 
confidentiality of the Information;  and 
ii) supersede   all   related   discussions   and   other   communications between the parties; and 
iii) may only be modified in writing by authorised representatives of the parties. 
 
8.3 Governing Law  
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the law of England and shall be subject 
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the  courts of England. 
 
NON DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT (page 3 of 3)  
 
AS WITNESS WHEREOF the parties named below have cause d this Agreement to be signed and delivered by its 
 
duly authorised representative on this date: …………………………………………………..  
 
 
For and on behalf of For and on behalf of  
 
 
iTagg Limited …………………………………………………………  
 
(herein known as “Party 1”) (herein known as “Party 2”)  
Address Address  
3
rd Floor 
12 Gough Square London EC4A 3DW England 
  
Company number    4344060  Company number .............................. 
Signed  Signed................................................  
 
 Name 
Steve Procter  Name..................................................  
 
 
Title Director  Title....................................................  
  
EXHIBIT A  
 
1. Business Purpose:  
 
All business related support services, as well as affili ate, reseller and introducer deals and all commercial and 
business opportunities.  For the purpose of clarity, all information and discussions related to service and product 
prices, costs, commissions, fees and ot her monetary matters are also covered under this agreement and to be kept 
confidential.  This includes any prices, costs, commissions, fees or other monetary information offered by one 
party to the other even if not accepted, as well as any prices, costs, commissions, fees or other monetary 
information that are accepted by both parties and draw n into a subsequent contract between the parties. 
 
2. Addresses for Notices:  
 
a) Party 1: As above 
 
b) Party 2: As above (insert alternative address and contact name below if necessary) 
 
 .................................................... .................................................... ..................... ...............................  
 