 
The sole responsibility for the content of webpage lies with the authors. It does not necessarily refl ect the opinion of the European Union. Neither the EACI 
nor the European Commission are responsible for any  use that may be made of the information contained therein  
 
 
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
With the present non-disclosure agreement (hereafte r referred to as AGREEMENT ) 
 
full name of PINE partner institution,  with its registered address at….. ….. ….., VAT reg istration 
number….. ….. ….., represented for the purpose of t his AGREEMENT by ….. ….. ….., (hereafter 
referred to as ACRONYM OF THE PINE PROJECT PARTNER )   
  
and 
the company ………………………………………………………………………………….., with  
its registered address at….. ….. ….., VAT registrat ion number….. ….. ….., represented for the 
purpose of this AGREEMENT by ….. ….. ….., (hereafter referred to as COMPANY ) 
 
hereafter jointly referred to as THE PARTIES  
  
PREMISES: 
 
a)  ACRONYM OF THE PINE PROJECT PARTNER  and the COMPANY  have had a preliminary 
contact in the framework of the PINE – Promoting In dustrial Energy Efficiency Project 
(hereafter referred to as PROJECT ) funded by EACI (Executive Agency for Competitiven ess 
and Innovation of the European Commission) under Co ntract IEE/11/885/SI2.615936; 
b)  The  COMPANY has been selected through an ad-hoc call to benefit  from a two-step energy 
auditing service (comprising a first scouting phase  and, if applicable according to procedures in 
place, a second full audit phase) compliant to the operative programme of the PROJECT ;  
c)  The COMPANY  commits to disclose to ACRONYM OF THE PINE PROJECT PARTNER and 
those appointed by the aforementioned, information and data as necessary to carry out the 
activities as envisaged by the PROJECT ;    
d)  In case the COMPANY  decided not to make available to ACRONYM OF THE PINE PROJECT 
PARTNER and those appointed by the aforementioned, informat ion and data as deemed 
necessary for the carrying out of the envisaged act ivities mentioned here above, this will make it 
impossible for the COMPANY  to benefit from the scouting and full auditing ser vices (if 
applicable) envisaged by the PROJECT ;  
e)   ACRONYM OF THE PINE PROJECT PARTNER is required to report to the institution funding 
the PROJECT , the abovementioned EACI, and/or to third parties appointed to carry out analyses 
of the same, data related to project activities, ho wever always anonymously and with no direct 
reference to the involved companies, mostly in an a ggregated form to monitor the overall impact 
of project activities;     
 
AGREE AS FOLLOWS: 
1. Premises  
The Premises are part of this AGREEMENT  
 
2. Object 
This AGREEMENT is intended to regulate privacy rights and obligati ons for THE PARTIES  in 
relation to data and information defined as confide ntial, compliant to provisions contained in the 
 
The sole responsibility for the content of webpage lies with the authors. It does not necessarily refl ect the opinion of the European Union. Neither the EACI 
nor the European Commission are responsible for any  use that may be made of the information contained therein  
 
following articles, which they will become aware of  while carrying out the activities described in 
the Premises to this AGREEMENT .  
 
3. Confidential i<*$p$*>For the purpose of this AGREEMENT, all data and information exchanged between the Parties will be considered confidential, regardless of whether it is explicitly declared as such, unless it is already in the public domain or explicitly designated as non-confidential.<*$p$*>ovided or delivered.    
3.2 The confidential nature of the abovementioned data and information will have to be explicitly 
declared, printing or writing ‘CONFIDENTIAL’ on the  above, followed by the signatures of the 
representatives of THE PARTIES or, however, clearly  indicated as confidential in communications, 
so to allow THE PARTIES and any authorized person t o immediately recognize their confidential 
nature and apply the subsequent compliance to confi dentiality obligations as envisaged in this 
AGREEMENT. THE PARTIES may, if deemed necessary, ex plicitly declare other data and 
information non-confidential.        
3.3 The term confidential may not be associated to info rmation and data of public domain at the 
time when these are provided to the Recipient (the Party receiving the information) or in case they 
become of public domain due to an act or behaviour not explicitly forbidden to the Recipient;   
 
4. Confidentiality obligations 
4.1 THE PARTIES may not disclose or communicate in any form or way data and information of a 
confidential nature to unauthorized subjects.    
4.2 Such data and information will have to be used appr opriately and adequately for the carrying 
out of the activities specifically envisaged by the  PROJECT  and contained in the contract 
mentioned in the Premises, in such a way that their  confidential nature is not compromised and no 
damage is caused in any other way. 
4.3 The information and data of a confidential nature m ay not be copied or reproduced, in all or in 
part, unless this is explicitly required by the car rying out of PROJECT  activities. 
 4.4  The information and data of a confidential nature will be forwarded by ACRONYM OF THE 
PINE PROJECT PARTNER to the financing institution of the PROJECT  (EACI, the Executive 
Agency for Competitiveness and Innovation of the Eu ropean Commission), or to other bodies 
designated to monitoring or control, compliant to t he envisaged management procedures, in an 
anonymous or in an aggregated form  and however without providing information that may  allow 
the association of the provided data with the COMPANY .      
4.5  The information and data of a confidential nature may be forwarded by ACRONYM OF THE 
PINE PROJECT PARTNER  to  other PROJECT  partners and/or third parties appointed to carry o ut 
analyses on them. In this case too, the forwarding will take place in an anonymous or in an 
aggregated form and however without providing infor mation that may all<*$p$*>Each Party may, at their discretion, appoint a person responsible for the treatment of confidential information and data. This appointed person is encouraged to have all persons in charge of carrying out PROJECT activities acknowledge the confidentiality obligations as described in the agreement, but a signed declaration is not mandatory.<*$p$*>ves to comply with confidentiality 
obligations as described and regulated in the prese nt AGREEMENT .    
5.2 The persons responsible for the abovementioned conf idential data treatment are:  
- for ACRONYM OF THE PINE PROJECT PARTNER  …………….……………………………….. 
- for the COMPANY…………………………………………………………………………………. 
 
6. Security measures   
 
The sole responsibility for the content of webpage lies with the authors. It does not necessarily refl ect the opinion of the European Union. Neither the EACI 
nor the European Commission are responsible for any  use that may be made of the information contained therein  
 
6.1 THE PARTIES commit to  adopt all security measures as necessary to protect  data and 
information of a confidential nature and guarantee that their confidentiality is not compromised in 
any way .   
6.2 The treatment of all sensitive and personal data sh all be compliant to the relevant national 
legislation in place, particularly  in relation to law….  
  
<*$p$*>The present AGREEMENT may grant either of THE PARTIES limited rights of use for patents, brands, models and/or industrial or intellectual property of any kind, subject to a separate written agreement specifying the terms of such use.<*$p$*>ctual 
property of any kind. 
 
8. Duration  
Confidentiality obligations are intended to last fr om the signing of the present AGREEMENT  up to 
five years after completion of the PROJECT , currently envisaged for March 16, 2015, except any 
further extensions of the validity period of this AGREEMENT  to be agreed upon by THE PARTIES  
and before the aforementioned deadline. In case THE PARTIES  decide to extend the validity period 
for a longer period of time or unlimitedly, confide ntiality obligations are extended from the signing 
of the AGREEMENT  for the entire duration as agreed upon, which shal l be inserted in the 
AGREMENT . 
 
9. Applicable law and settlement of controversies 
9.1 The present AGREEMENT is regulated under …. …. Law.  
9.2  In case of any controversy among THE PARTIES  in relation to the execution and interpretation 
of the present AGREEMENT, which cannot be settled a micably, the competent court shall<*$p$*>All formal communications between THE PARTIES shall be addressed to the following addresses: - for ACRONYM OF THE PINE PROJECT PARTNER …………….……………………………….. - for the COMPANY…………………………………………………………………………………. Informal communications may be conducted through any mutually agreed upon channels. (Place and date) ……………… SIGNATURE OF THE LEGAL REPRESENTATIVE ACRONYM OF THE PINE PROJECT PARTNER (Name and office) ……………………… SIGNATURE OF THE LEGAL REPRESENTATIVE COMPANY (Name and office) ………………………<*$p$*>