 
1  
 
 
 
 
 
 
CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
 
 
 
 
between  
 
 
ENVIROSERV WASTE MANAGEMENT  LIMITED  
Registration Number: 2008/021152/07  
(hereinafter “EnviroServ ”) 
 
 
 
 
and 
 
 
 
…………………………………………………………..  
Registration Number: …./……/..  
(hereinafter “Prospect ive Buyer ”) 
 
 
 
together ( with their subsidiaries, holding companies and fellow subsidiaries) shall comprise the 
Parties.
 
2  
1. INTRODUCTION  
 
1.1 The parties are discussing certain matters which will require the disclosure to 
one another of information of a proprie tary, secret and confidential nature 
relating to  the purchase of EnviroServ’s Tyre Plant business, subsidiary 
company EnviroServ Polymer Solutions and the property situated at 5 Glucose 
Way, Bellville, Cape Town.  
 
1.2 The parties will, subject to successful co nclusion of such investigation and 
discussions, enter into an agreement.  
 
1.3 Pending investigation the parties wish to maintain confidentiality regarding the 
information disclosed by them respectively.  
 
1.4 For the purposes of this agreement, the party disclosing , such information shall 
be referred to as "the disclosing party" and the party receiving such information 
shall be referred to as "the receiving party".  
 
1.5 The parties wish to record the terms and conditions upon which they are 
pr<*$p$*>2. THE INFORMATION "Information" shall for the purpose of this agreement include, without limitation, any technical, commercial, scientific information, know -how, trade secrets, processes, machinery, designs, drawings, technical spe cifications, data in whatever form communicated to the receiving party or acquired by the receiving party from the disclosing party during the course of the parties' association with one an other.<*$p$*> during the 
course of the parties' association with one an other.  
 
3. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION  
 
3.1 The parties agree to disclose the information to one another.  
 
3.2 The parties acknowledge that the information i<*$p$*>3.3 The parties agree that they will not, during the course of their association with one another, disclose the information to any third party for any reason or purpose whatsoever without the prior written consent of the disclosing party, save in accordance with the provisions of this agreement. 3.4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained, in this agreement the parties agree that the information may be disclosed by the receiving party to its professional advisors, agents and consultants, for the purposes of evaluating the investigation and enter into an agreement as contemplated in clause 1 (introduction), providing that the receiving party takes whatever steps are necessary to procure that such professional advisors, agents and consultants agree to abide by the terms of th is agreement to prevent the unauthorised disclosure of the information to third parties.<*$p$*>erms of th is agreement to prevent the unauthorised 
disclosure of the information to third parties.  
 
3.5 The receiving party agrees:  
 
3.5.1  not to utilise, employ, exploit or in any other manner whatsoever use the 
information disclosed pursuant to the provisions of this agreem ent for 
any purpose without the prior express written consent of the disclosing 
party.  
 
3.5.2  that the unauthorised disclosure of the information to a third party may 
cause irreparable loss, harm and damage to the disclosing party. 
Accordingly, the receiving par ty indemnifies and holds the disclosing 
party harmless against any loss, action, claim, harm or damage, of 
whatever nature, suffered by the disclosing party pursuant to a breach 
by the receiving party of the provisions of this agreement,  
 
4. TITLE  
 
All inform ation disclosed by the disclosing party to the receiving party is acknowledged 
by the receiving party:  
 
4.1 to be proprietary to the disclosing party; and  
 
4  
4.2 not to confer any rights of whatever nature in such information to the receiving 
party.  
 
5. RESTRICTIONS ON  DISCLOSURE AND USE OF THE INFORMATION  
 
5.1 The receiving party may disclose the information only to its officers, employees 
and professional advisors and then only on a strictly need -to-know basis.  
 
5.2 The receiving party undertakes not to use the information fo r purpose other 
than:  
 
5.2.1  that for which it is disclosed; and  
 
5.2.2  in accordance with the provisions of this agreement.  
 
6. STANDARD OF CARE  
 
The parties agree that they shall protect the information disclosed pursuant to the 
provisions of this agreement using the s ame standard of care that each party applies to 
its own proprietar<*$p$*>7. RETURN OF INFORMATION 7.1 The disclo sing party may at any time, request the receiving party to return any material containing, pertaining to or relating to information disclosed pursuant to the terms of this agreement. 7.2 As an alternative to the return of the material contemplated in 7.1 above, the receivin g party shall, at the instance of the disclosing party, destroy such material and furnish the disclosing party with a written statement to the effect that all such material has been destroyed.<*$p$*> the instance of the disclosing party, destroy such 
material and furnish the disclosing party with a written statement to the effect 
that all such material has been destroyed.  
 
5  
7.3 The receiving party shall comply with a request, in terms of t his clause 7, within 
7 days of receipt of such a request,  
 
8. EXCLUDED INFORMATION  
 
The obligations of the parties pursuant to the provisions of this agreement shall not 
apply to any information that:  
 
8.1 is known to or in possession of the receiving party prior  to disclosure thereof by 
the disclosing party;  
 
8.2 is or becomes publicly known, otherwise then pursuant to a breach of this 
agreement;  
 
8.3 is developed independently of the disclosing party by the receiving party;  
 
8.4 is disclosed by the receiving party to satisf y the order of a court of competent 
jurisdiction or to comply with the provisions of any law or regulation in force from 
time to time; provided that in these circumstances, the receiving party shall 
advise the disclosing party in writing prior to such disc losure to enable the 
disclosing party to take whatever steps it deems necessary to protect its 
interests in this regard, provided further that the receiving party will disclose only 
that portion of the information which it is legally required to disclose a nd the 
receiving party will use its reasonable endeavours to protect the confidentiality 
of such information to the widest extent possible in the<*$p$*>9. TERM 9.1 This agreement shall be deemed to have commenced upon the date of last 6 signing hereof and it shall continue to bind the parti es for 3 (three) years after its termination. 9.2 This agreement shall be deemed to have become terminated in the event of the following (whichever happens the sooner): 9.2.1 the discussions between the parties being unsuccessful and accordingly breaking down; or 9.2.2 an agreement between the parties being concluded regarding their future relationship; or 9.2.3 in any event not later than six months after signing hereof unless extended by mutual agreement. 9.3 This clause will survive the cancellation of this agreement for what ever reason.<*$p$*>.2  an agreement between the parties being concluded regarding their 
future relationship; or  
 
9.2.3  in any event not later than one year after signing hereof unless 
extended by mutual agreement.  
 
9.3 This clause will survive the cancellation of this agreement for what ever reason.  
 
10. ARBITRATION  
 
Any dispute arising out of or in connection with the provisions of this agreement shall 
be referred to arbitration and determined in accordance with the Arbitration Act 42 of 
1965, as amended from time to time,  
 
11. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  
 
11.1 Each party represents and warrants that it has the authority necessary to enter 
into this agreement and to do all things necessary to procure the fulfilment of its 
obligations in terms of this agreement.  
 
11.2 The disclosing party warrants that : 
 
11.2.1  disclosure of the information to the receiving party will not result in a 
breach of any other agreement to which it is a party;  
 
11.2.2  will, to the best of its knowledge and belief, not infringe the rights of any 
third party and the disclosing party hereby in demnifies and holds the 
 
7 receiving party harmless against any liability for third party claims on 
such a basis.  
 
12. ADDITIONAL ACTION  
 
Each party to this agreement shall execute and deliver such other documents and do 
such other acts and things as may be neces sary or desirable to give effect to the terms 
and provisions of this agreement.  
 
13. AMENDMENTS  
 
No amendment, interpretation or waiver of any of the provisions of this agreement shall 
be effective unless reduced writing and signed by both the parties.  
 
14. ENFOR CEMENT  
 
The failure to enforce or to require the performance at any time of any of the provisions 
of this agreement shall not be construed to be a waiver of such provision, and shall not 
affect either the validity of this agreement or any part hereof or th e right of any party to 
enforce the provisions of this agreement.  
 
15. HEADINGS  
 
The headings of the clauses in this agreement are used for convenience only and shall 
not affect the meaning or construction of the contents of this agreement.  
 
16. ENTIRE AGREEMENT  
 
This agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject 
matter of this agreement and supersedes all prior agreements betwe<*$p$*>18. POSTAL ADDRESSES 18.1 Any written notice in connection with thi s agreement may be addressed: 18.1.1 In the case of EnviroServ address P.O. Box 1547, Bedfordview 2008 telefax no (011) 454 6015 attention The financial director 18.1.2 In the case of PROSPECTIVE BUYER address telefax no attention 18.2 The notice shall be deemed to have been duly given: 18.2.1 14 days after posting, if posted by registered post to the party's address in terms of this sub -clause; 18.2.2 on delivery, if delivered to the party's physical address in terms of either this sub -clause or the next sub -clause dealing with serv ice of legal documents; 18.2.3 on despatch, if sent to the party's then telefax number and confirmed by registered letter posted no later than the next business day, unless the addressor is aware, at the time the notice would otherwise be deemed to have been giv en, that the notice is unlikely to have been received by the addressee through no act or omission of the addressee.<*$p$*>al 
documents;  
 
18.2.3  on despatch, if sent to the party's then telefax number and confirmed by 
registered letter posted no later than the next business day, unless the 
addressor is aware, at the time the notice would otherwise be deemed 
to have been giv en, that the notice is unlikely to have been received by 
the addressee through no act or omission of the addressee.  
 
18.3 A party may change that party's address for this purpose, by notice in writing to 
the other party.  No notice shall be necessary in respect  of a new or changed 
telefax number.  
 
 
9  
 
19. ADDRESS FOR SERVICE OF LEGAL DOCUMENTS  
 
19.1 The parties choose the following physical addresses at which documents in 
legal proceedings in connection with this agreement may be served (ie their 
domicilium citandi execut andi)  
 
19.1.1  EnviroServ :  
EnviroServ Holdings Limited  
Brickfield Road  
Meadowdale  
Germiston  
 
19.1.2  PROSPECTIVE BUYER  : 
 
 
 
 
19.2 A party may change that party's address for this purpose to another physical 
address in the Republic of South Africa, by notice in writing, to t he other party.  
 
20. COSTS  
 
20.1 Each party shall bear that party's own legal costs of and incidental to the 
negotiation, preparation, setting, signing and implementation of this agreement.  
 
20.2 Any costs, including attorney and own client cost, incurred by either par ty 
arising out of the breach by the other party of any of the provisions of this 
agreement shall be borne by the party in breach,  
 
21. SEVERABILITY  
 
In the event at any one or more of the provisions of this agreement being held for any 
reason to be invalid, il legal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or 
unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this agreement and this 
 
10 agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision was 
not a part of thi s agreement, and the agreement shall be carried out as nearly as 
possible in accordance with its original terms and intent.  
 
 
 
SIGNED AT                                  THIS THE ………. DAY OF …………………………..…  
On behal f of EnviroServ  
 
 
1. ...................... .............…….  ............................................................  
 
 
2. ...................................…….  ............................................................  
 
 
 
 
 
SIGNED AT                               THIS THE ………. DAY OF…………………… .………..…  
On behalf of  PROSPECTIVE BUYER  
 
 
1. ...................................…….  
 
 
2. ...................................…….  ............................................................   