NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
This is a written contract that protects confidentiality between two parties who are entering into a Service Level 
Agreement. This contract is usually signed before entering into the Service Level Agreement. 
(the address acts as the domicilium citandi et executandi) 
(the address acts as the domicilium citandi et executandi) PARTY 1
PARTY 2Name & Surname:  
Name & Surname:  ID Number:
ID Number:Email:
Email:Cellphone Number:
Cellphone Number:Address: 
Address: 

2.  PURPOSE
3.  NON-DISCLOSURE2.1.  The purpose of this contract is:  
The Parties agree that:
3.1.
  
they will disclose written or verbal information of a confidential nature about:
3.2. The
re will be no disclosure or use of confidential information, without permission. The confidential information is  
 a valuable asset that belongs to the<*$p$*>3.3. Confidential information may not be disclosed to any third party, except for consultants. Information may only be disclosed to employees and/or agents and consultants; or if required by law, and such employees and/or agents must bind themselves to this agreement. Consultants are exempt from binding themselves to this agreement.<*$p$*>emselves to this  
 agreement.
 
3.4.
 If it is legally required for either party to disclose confident
ial information, the other party must be informed of 
 
 this in writing. 
The Party required to make the disclosure will only do so to the extent that it is compulsory. 
3.5.
 When this agreement comes to an end or written demand has been 
sent, confidential information must be 
  
 returned to the other party
, within 5 (five) business days of the expiry date or the date that the demand was
 received. Confidential information held in electronic format mus
t be destroyed or d<*$p$*>3.6. No warranties, representations or undertakings will be valid or relied on, unless placed in writing and signed by both parties. Changes to this agreement can be made verbally and are considered valid if both parties acknowledge the change via email.<*$p$*>ss placed in writing and 
 
 signed by both parties.
 
3.7.
 No party may directly or indirectly make an of
fer employment to, or request an interest from an employee or 
 
 agent of the other party
, for a least 1 (one) year of signing this agreement and for at least 1 (one) year after its 
 
 termination.
 
3.8.
 The Courts of the Republic of South 
Africa have jurisdiction over any dispute resulting from this agreement. (E.g. Party 1 has been approached to develop and implement a marketing strategy for Party 2’s service offering. The nature, extent and viability will be 
determined by the Parties in a Service Level Agreement)
(e.g. their financial dealings, contractual rights and obligations, their current client base and potential clients, suppliers, employees, operation systems, forecasts, strategies and budgets, intellectual property, and other information that may be of importance.)
Initials
Initials
3.9. Should either Party breach the terms of this agreement, the oth er may enforce its rights by means of any   
 available legal remedy (including but not limited to interdict,
 mandatory order of court or civil claim). 
3.10.
 Should any term or condition of this contract be declared inval
id or unenforceable, the term or condition will be 
 
 deleted, and<*$p$*>3.11. The Parties may deliver all legal documents, notices or other communications to the addresses provided and indicated as domicilium citandi et executandi:<*$p$*> the addresses provided and 
 
 indicated as 
domicilium citandi et executandi:
3.12.
 The Parties may send any non-legal documents, notices or other 
communication via Email, but must attach a 
 
 “read receipt” to each mail sent, to provide confirmation that t
he communication has been received and read. 
Signed at       on               of               20           .  
Signed at
      on               of 
              20           .
 Party 1:
Party 2:Witnesses:
Witnesses:Witness 1
Witness 1Witness 2
Witness 2
DISCLAIMER4.  SIGNATURES
Place
Place
Month
Month
Day
Day
Year
Year
Signature
Signature
Signature
Signature
Signature
Signature
LAW FOR ALL cares about the legal rights of South Africans and have made it our goal to make the law affordable and accessible to all. This contract 
template has been designed with you and protection of your rights in mind. Although we have taken every care to ensure that this document is accurate and up to date with the law, it is important to remember that our law is constantly evolving and changing. We therefore cannot guarantee that the information is without any errors or omissions. Our goal is to make the law affordable and accessible to all South Africans, and we’ve made this contract template available to help you. LAW FOR ALL and its employees will under no circumstances accept liability for the consequences resulting from the use this template. We believe that it’s important to always discuss legal matters with an attorney before making a decision or signing a document.  