   
Non-Disclosure Agreement_ALL_englisch.docx  Date issued: 2016- 10-03 Page 1 of 4  
  
Non-Disclosure Agreement  
 
between  
 
all affiliated companies of  
Bomatec Holding AG 
Hofstrasse 1  
CH-8181 Höri  
 
- as per attachment, hereinafter referred to as ‘Bomatec’ -  
 
and 
 
xxxxxxxxxxxx  
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
xxxxxx xxxxxxxx  
xxxxxxxxxx  
 
including businesses and persons  
connected with this company  
- hereinafter referred to as the ‘ Business Partner’  - 
 
Preamble  
 
The contractual partners intend to work together on the above- mentioned project or assignment.  
 
In this regard, Bomatec  shall provide the Business Partner with confidential information that should 
be protected against unauthorized viewing and vice versa. To guarantee confidentiality on both 
sides, the contractu al partners hereby agree as follows:  
  
1. Duty of confidentiality  
 
The contractual partners undertake to treat confidentially any information they obtain, to use it only for the intended purpose of the particular assignment or project and not to make it di rectly or 
indirectly accessible to third parties. Furthermore, they undertake to place a duty of confidentiality on their employees and any sub -contractors that correspond to the one contained in this 
Agreement.
 
 The duty of confidentiality does not apply to information  
- that the receiving contractual partner was already in possession of when the information was passed on,  
- that was published when or after it was disclosed without being in breach of this Non -
Disclosure Agreement,  
- that a contractual partner received legally from a third party where there was no duty of 
confidentiality,  
- that a contractual partner develops independently of the confidential information after this 
Agreement has come into force,  
- that a contractual partner has released as a result of  a written agreement with the other 
contractual partner.  
 
   
Non-Disclosure Agreement_ALL_engl<*$p$*>Information under this Agreement is defined as any data or knowledge from Bomatec or the Business Partner that Bomatec has made or will make available to the Business Partner, or vice versa, in verbal, written or electronic form or in the form of one or several objects, only if such data and knowledge was explicitly designated as confidential or secret at the time of disclosure.<*$p$*>one or several objects, irrespective of 
whether such data and knowledge was designated as confidential or secret.  
 
Bomatec  retains all rights to its data, information and objects.  
 
 3. Restriction on access and dissemination  
 The contractual partners shall restrict the distribution of and access to information they exchange to those persons who need the information to reasonably c arry out the planned activity. They shall 
ensure that access to this information, including information in electronic form in particular, is adequately protected.
 
 The contractual partners may only disseminate copies of information, data and data storage m edia 
to sub -contractors with the prior appr<*$p$*>Upon completion of an assignment or project, the contractual partners undertake to destroy immediately any information or objects given to them that they or any sub -contractors may have, unless such information and property are required for any outstanding or future follow -up activities under the mutual business partnership. However, all financial records must be retained for a minimum of seven years, regardless of project status.<*$p$*>formation and property are required for any outstanding or future follow -up activities 
under the mutual business partnership. The destruction of i nformation in electronic form also 
applies to e- mails, data storage media such as USB sticks, local hard disks, servers and back -up 
copies.  
 
 
5. Returning of documents and/or objects  
 
If specifically requested by Bomatec , the Business Partner must return to Bomatec  any documents 
or objects it was given during the collaboration and vice versa.  
 
 
6. Duration of the Agreement  
 
This agreement shall take effect as soon as it has been signed by both parties and shall be valid for 
the duration of the collaboration or until this agreement is replaced by another agreement. The 
obligation to confidentiality shall apply for a period of two years beyond the end of the 
collaboration.  
  
7. Restriction on using Bomatec  as reference  
 
The Business Partner and any sub -contractors may only mention to third parties the Bomatec   
company name (including illustrated material in connection with Bomatec ) as well as activities 
   
Non-Disclosure Agreement_ALL_englisch.docx  Date issued: 2016- 10-03 Page 3 of 4  
  
carried out during the collaboration with Bomatec  after the prior written approval of Bomatec ’s 
Executive Board.  
 
This also applies to publications in information journals, company presentations, entries in Internet 
documents, etc. 
 Approval only applies to the current assignment or project and should be  sought from Bomatec  by 
the Business Partner on every occasion <*$p$*>Changes or additions to this Agreement (including the waiver of this provision) must be made in writing. However, minor amendments may be agreed verbally between project managers of both parties and shall be binding if documented in meeting minutes.<*$p$*>curs in relation to the conclusion and 
execution of this Agreement.  
  9. Written form  
 Changes  or additions to this Agreement (including the waiver of this provision) must be made in 
writing.  
 
 
10. Severability clause, applicable law and jurisdiction  
 
In the event that one or more of the clauses of this Agreement should prove to be ineffective or should this Agreement contain a disparity, the legal effectiveness of the other provisions shall not 
thereby be affected. A valid provision that comes closest to the intended purpose of the ineffective 
provision shall be agreed to replace it.
 
 
This Non -Disclosure Agreement shall be governed by Swiss substantive law. Zürich, canton of 
Zürich , Switzerland shall be the place of jurisdiction.  
  
11. Signatures  
 
 
xxxxxxxxxxx   Bomatec AG  
 
xxxxxxx,   Höri, 8rd May 2017 
   
  
 
   
......................... ...................  ...........................  ………………………  
First name, Name    Christoph Bolliger   Martin Hauri  
   CEO   Head of Quality Dept.  
 
 
  
   
Non-Disclosure Agreement_ALL_englisch.docx  Date issued: 2016- 10-03 Page 4 of 4  
  
Attachment  
 
Listing of affiliated companies of Bomatec Holding AG:  
  
Bomatec AG  
Hofstrasse 1 
CH-8181 Höri  
Switzerland  
 
 Bomatec Automotive A G 
Hofstrasse 1  
CH-8181 Höri  
Switzerland  
  
Bomatec International Corp.  
400, Finchdene Sq., Unit 6 
CA-Toronto, M1X1E2  Ontario   
Canada  
 
 
Bomatec (Ningbo) Trading Co. Ltd.  
No. 38 Weisan Rd  
CN-315801 Xiaogang Ningbo  
China  
  Bomatec (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.  
Lot 18, Jln. Sultan Hishamuddin 1  
Kaw. Perusahaan Selat Klang Utara 
MY-42000 Pel. Klang, Selangor  
Malaysia  
 
 