 
The European IPR Helpdesk | Page 2 of 8 
  
 
NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENTS  
 
Confidentiality is an extremely important issue for participants in R&D projects, from the 
setting -up (even during earliest discussions on the assessment of participation), to the 
implementation and exploitation ph ases.  
 
Exchanging  valuable information with other partners is generally a necessity that reg u-
larly occurs in collaborative initiatives or undertakings . Accordingly, confidentiality issues  
and measures  should be taken into considera tion in order to safely exchange info r-
mation, facilitating the project development and ensuring the non -disclosure of sensitive 
technology , business  or commercial confidential information . Therefore, the signatur e of 
a confidentiality agreement or non -disclosure agreement (NDA) at the proposal stage  or 
even before , the inclusion of confidentiality clauses in the consortium agreement , and 
compl iance  with confidentiality obligations during the whole life of the project and after, 
are among others very important steps to keep confide ntial information secret in order 
to maintain a competitive edge.  
 
Deciding to become involved in a project, business or commercial relationship requires 
discussions and the exchange of information between  people from different organis a-
tions, companies or  institutions with different background knowledge and interests. It 
might involve giving written or oral information to a third part y in order to describe pr o-
ject ideas, revealing know -how, or defining scope, objectives, and tasks for planning or 
arranging  a proposal or for preparations made before a project starts.   
 
Confidentiality agreements or NDA s provide protection and more security to an indivi d-
ual or organisation that is about to share or make available information to another ind i-
vidual  or organisat ion by ensuring that confidential i nformation will be used only for the 
permitted purposes agreed between the signatories of the agreement and will not be 
used or revealed to  third parties without consent; and furthermore that if confidential 
information i s revealed or made public, breaching the terms provided under the agre e-
ment, then liability, damages, cessation or preventive measures can be claimed.    
 
Confidential information or specific documentation  should  be only reveal ed under conf i-
dentiality comm itments settled in advance  otherwise  it might be used for the benefit of 
others, excluding and harming the interest of the owner of the confidential information.  
 
The following NDA template may be used , taking into consideration the concrete situ a-
tion or needs of its users.  
 
 
 
The European IPR Helpdesk | Page 3 of 8 
  
NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
THIS AGREEMENT [the Agreement ] is entered into on this [ insert number of day ] day of 
[insert Month  and year ] by and between:  
 
1. [Insert official name of the potential partner or participant ], having its re gistered office 
or based in [ insert the Legal Address of the Entity ] hereinafter referred to as [ the Disclo s-
er] and  
2.  [Insert official name of the potential partner or participant ], having its registered o f-
fice or based in [insert the Legal Address of t he Entity] hereinafter referred to as [ the 
Recipient ] 
 
WHEREAS:  
The Discloser and Recipient  hereto desire [ to participate in early discussions regarding 
the enter ing into future collaboration as a European Funded Project in the field of (….)] or 
[to submit  a proposal for a collaborative project in response to the call (identify the call) 
under (identify the EU -funded Programme) ] or [to evaluate  entering in to partnership or 
business collabor ation for the purpose of ( identify the undertaking intended to perfo rm)]  
Through out the aforementioned discussions, the Discloser may share proprietary info r-
mation or Confidential Information with the Recipient subject <*$p$*>1.1 For the purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information means only that data or proprietary information of the Discloser that is explicitly marked as 'Confidential' at the time of disclosure, whether in tangible form, whenever and how ever disclosed, including, but not limited to: (i) any scientific or technical information, invention, design, process, procedure, formula, improvement, technology or method; (ii) any concepts, samples, reports, data, know -how, works -in-progress, designs, draw ings, photographs, development tools, specifications, software pro- grams , source code, object code, flow charts, and databases; (iii) any marketing strategies, plans, financial information, or projections, oper a- tions, sales estimates, business plans and performan ce results relating to the<*$p$*>es, plans, financial information, or projections, oper a-
tions, sales estimates, business plans and performan ce results relating to the 
 
The European IPR Helpdesk | Page 4 of 8 
 Discloser’s past, present or future business activities, or those of its  affiliates, 
subsidiaries and affiliated companies;  
 
(iv) trade secrets; plans for products or services, and customer or supplier lists;  
 
(v) any other information t hat should reasonably be recognized as Confidential 
Information by the Discloser . 
 
1.2 The Discloser and the Recipient agree hereby that Confidential Information need s not 
to be novel, unique, patentable, copyrightable or constitute s a trade secret in orde r to 
be designated Confidential Information and therefore protected.   
 
1.3 Confidential Information shall be identified either by marking it, in the case of wri t-
ten materials, or, in the case of information that is disclosed orally or written materials 
that are not marked, by n otifying the Recipient of the confidential nature of the info r-
mation.  Such notification shall be done orally, by e -mail or written correspondence, or 
via other appropriate means of communication . 
 
1.4 The Recipient hereby  acknowledg e that the Confidential Information proprietary of  
the Discloser  has been developed and obtained through great efforts and shall be r e-
garded and kept as Confidential Informatio n.  
 
1.5 Notwithstanding the aforementioned Confidential Information  shall exclu de info r-
mation that :  
 
(i)  is already in the public domain at the time of disclosure by the Disclo ser 
to the  Recipient  or thereafter enters the public domain without any breach of 
the terms of this Agreement ; 
 
(ii)  was already known by the Recipient  before the moment of disclosure 
(under evidence of reasonable  proof or written record of such disclosure);  
 
(iii)  is subsequently communicated to the Recipient without any obligation of 
confidence from a third party who is in lawful possession thereof and un der no 
obligation of confidence to the Discloser ; 
 
(iv)  becomes publicly available by other means than a breach of the conf i-
dentiality obligations by the Recipient (not through fault or failure to act by the 
Recipient) ; 
 
(iv)  is or has been developed ind ependently by employees, consultants or 
agents of the Recipient (proved by reasonable means)  without violation of the 
terms of this Agreement  or reference or access to any Confidential Information 
pertaining to the Discloser . 
 
The European IPR Helpdesk | Page 5 of 8 
    
2. Purpose of the Disclosur e of Confidential Information  
 
The Discloser and Recipient  will enter on discussions regarding future collaboration t o-
ward European Funded Project in the field of ΀….] or [will submit a proposal for a collab o-
rative project in response to the call (identif y the call) under (identify the EU funded Pr o-
gramme) ] or [will enter into or evaluate alternatives for partnership or collaboration with  
[name of the Recipient ] for the purpose of [ identify the undertaking intended to perform 
or achieve ].  
 
3. Undertakings  of the Recipient  
 
3.1 In the context of discussions, preparations or negotiations, the Discloser  may disclose 
Confidential Information to the Recipient . The Recipien<*$p$*>3.2 The Recipient may disclos e the information received to its employees, representatives or agent s, regardless of their need to have access to the Co n- fidential Information. The Recipient is not responsible for informing them about the co n- fidential quality of the information provide d and is not responsible for ensuring that their agreement is o b- tained to keep it confidential on the same terms as set forth in this Agreement. Hence the Recipient will not be responsible for ensuring that the obligations of confidentiality and non-use contained he rein will be s trictly observed and will not assume any liability for the acts or omissions made for its personnel representatives or agents .<*$p$*>ble for ensur<*$p$*>3.3 The Recipient will use the Confidential Information for any purpose, including for its own purposes or benefit.<*$p$*>onnel representatives  or agents .  
3.3 The Recipient will use the Confidential Information exclusively for the permitted pu r-
pose stated in clause 2 and not use the in formation for its own purposes or benefit.  
3.4 The Recipient  will not disclose any Confidential Information received to any third 
parties, except as otherwise provided for herein.  
3.5 The Recipient  shall treat all Confidential Information with the same de gree of care as 
it accords to its own Confidential Information.  
3.6 All Confidential Information disclosed under this Agreement shall be and remain u n-
der the property of the Discloser  and nothing contained in this Agreement shall be co n-
strued as granting or conferring any rights to such Confidential Information on the Recip-
ient.  Principally, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to grant to the Recipient  a 
licence expressly or by implication under any patent, copyright or other intellectual 
property r ight. The Recipient  hereby acknowledges and confirms that all the existing and 
future intellectual property rights related to the Confidential Inf ormation are exclusive 
titles of  the Discloser . For the sake of clarity based in good faith, the Recipient  will not 
apply for or obtain any intellectual proper ty protection in respect of the Confidential 
 
The European IPR Helpdesk | Page 6 of 8 
 Information received. Likewise  any modifications and improvements thereof by the Re-
cipient  shall be the sole property of the Discloser.  
3.7 The Recipient  shall pr omptly return or destroy all copies (in whatever form repr o-
duced or stored) , including all notes and derivatives  of the Confidential Information di s-
closed under this Agreement, upon the earlier of (i) the completion  or termination of the 
dealings contempla ted in this Agreement; (ii) or the termination of this Agreement; (iii) 
or at the time the Discloser  may r equest  it to the Recipient .  
 
3.8 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Recipient  may retain such of its documents as 
required  to comply with mandatory l aw, provided that such Confidentiality Information  
or copies thereof shall be subject to an indefinite confidentiality obligation.    
 
3.9 In the event that the Recipient is asked to communicate the Confidential Information 
to any judicial, administrative, regulatory authority or similar or obliged to reveal such 
information by mandatory law, it shall notify promptly the Discloser of the terms of such 
disclosure and will collaborate to the extent practicable with the Discloser in order to 
comply with the ord er and preserve the confidentiality of the Confidential Information.  
3.10 The Recipient agree s that the Discloser  will suffer irreparable damage if its Conf i-
dential Information is made public, released to a third party, or otherwise disclosed in 
breach of  this Agreement and that the Discloser  shall be entitled to obtain injunctive 
relief against a threatened breach or continuation of any such a breach and, in the event 
of such breach, an award of actual and exemplary damages from any court of competent 
jurisdiction.  
 
3.11  The Recipient shall immediately notify upon becoming aware of any breach of co n-
fidence by anybody to whom it  has disclosed the Confidential Information and give all 
necessary assistance in connection with any steps which the Discloser may wish to take 
prevent, stop or obtain compensation  for such a breach or threatened breach.  
  
3.12 The Confidential Information subject to this Agreement is made available "as such" 
and no warranties of any kind are granted or implied with respect to the qua lity of such 
information including but not limited to, its applicability for any purpose, non -
infringement of third party rights, accuracy, completeness or correctness.  Further, the 
Discloser  shall  not have any liability to the Recipient  resulting from an y use of the Conf i-
dential Information .   
 
3.13 The Discloser  is not under any obligation under this Agreement to disclose any Co n-
fidential Information it chooses not to disclose.  
3.14 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to constitute an agency, p artnership, 
joint venture, or other similar relationship between the Discloser and Recipient . 
 
 
 
The European IPR Helpdesk | Page 7 of 8 
 4. Miscellaneous   
 <*$p$*>4.1.2 If the Discloser and Recipient succeed in the call for proposal referred to in clause 2 and sign the corresponding Grant Agreement (GA) and Consortium Agreement (CA), or entered into partnership under any other kind of collaborative agreement (COA) or ass o- ciation agreement (AA) , the non -disclosure provisions of the CA, COA and AA shall not impact this Agreement. This Agreement shall remain in force until the end of the collaboration undert aken or after [months or years ] of its termination.<*$p$*>visions of the CA, COA and  AA shall [sup-
plement  or supersede ] this Agreement. In the event that non -disclosure provisions are  
not provided for the said private agreements in equal terms as stated herein , this 
Agreement shall remain in force until the end of the collaboration undert aken or after 
[months or years ] of its termination.  
 
4.2 Applicable Law and Jurisdiction   
This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted by the laws of  [choose the applicable  
law]. The court of [choose the jurisdiction to settle disputes ] shall have ju risdiction.  
 
4.3 Validity   
If any provisions of this Agreement are invalid or unenforceable, the validity of the r e-
maining provis ions shall not be affected. T he invalid or unenforceable provision  shall be 
replaced  by a valid and enforceable provision that will meet the purpose of the invalid or 
unenforceable provision as closely as possible.  
4.4 Subsequent Agreements  
Ancillary agreements, amendments or additions hereto shall be made in writing.  
 
4.5 Communications  
Any notices or communications required may  be delivered by hand or e-mail, mailed by 
registered  mail to the address of the Recipient/Discloser as indicated above. Any  subs e-
quent modification of  address es should be reasonably communicated in advance to the 
effect of this Agreement.  
 
 
The European IPR Helpdesk | Page 8 of 8 
 IN WITNESS WHE REOF,  the Parties hereto have caused this Non -Disclosure Agreement 
to be executed as of the date stated  above .  
 
 
FOR [ insert name of participant or potential or current partner ] 
 
[insert name of representative ] 
[insert title ] 
 
Done at [ place ] on [ date ]  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GET IN TOUCH  
 
For comments, suggestions or further information, please contact  
 
 
European IPR Helpdesk  
c/o infeurope S.A.  
62, rue Charles Martel  
L-2134, Luxembourg  
 
 
Email: service@iprhelpdesk.eu  
Phone: +352 25 22 33 - 333 
Fax: +352 25 2 2 33 – 334 
www.iprhelpdesk.eu  
 
 For more information, please consult our fact sheets on “How to manage confidential business information” and “Non-disclosure agreement: a business tool” which are available in our online library: http://www.iprhelpdesk.eu/node/1265 http://www.iprhelpdesk.eu/node/969  