Ball State University  | Third-Party Non-Disclosure Agreement | 
Rev: 9/07/12  Page 1 of 4  
  
 
 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  
THIRD-PARTY NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
BALL STATE UNIVERSITY INFORMATION SECURITY SERVICES  
Confidential information may not be disclosed to third-pa rties unless a non-disclosure agreement has been mutually 
executed by the third-party vend or and Ball State University.   
 A sample acceptable non-disclosure agr eement is provided below, however substa ntially similar non-disclosure terms may 
be incorporated into other agreements. Business Affairs must  approve all contracts before disclosure or transfer of 
confidential information. 
MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 This agreement, made as of the last date set forth on the la st page hereof (the “Effective Date”), by and between Ball State 
University (hereafter “Ball State University”) and                                                                                        (hereafter “Vendor”), 
and sets forth the terms and conditions of the disclosure and receipt of certain confidential information between the 
parties. The party disclosing Confidential Information, as herein defined, shall be referred to as the “Discloser” and the 
party receiving such “Confidential Information” shall be referred to as the “Recipient.”  The term “Confidential Information” 
shall refer to the confidential information disclosed by any party to this Agreement.  
The parties signing this document agree as follows: 
a. Confidential Information may include information that is di sclosed to Recipient by Discloser in any manner, whether 
orally, visually or in tangible form (including without limi tation, documents, devices and computer readable media) and 
all copies thereof.  
b. Tangible materials that disclose or embody Confidential In formation shall be marked by Discloser as “confidential,” 
“proprietary” or the substantial equivale nt thereof.  Confidential Information disclosed orally or visually shall be 
identified by Discloser as confidential at  the time of disclosure and promptly ther eafter identified as confidential in a 
written document provided to Recipient.  
c. Except as expressly permitted herein, for a period of thr ee years from the effective da te (Non-Disclosure Period), 
Recipient shall maintain in confidence and not disclose Conf idential Information. Upon termination of this Agreement, 
Recipient’s right to use Conf idential Information, shall immediately terminate.   
 
d. Upon termination, or upon demand by Discloser at any time , or upon expiration of this  Agreement, Recipient shall 
return promptly to Discloser or destroy, at Discloser’s option, all tangible materials that disclose or embody 
Confidential Information; provided, however, that Recipient may retain one copy of Discloser’s Confidential Information for archival purposes only.  
e. Rec<*$p$*>Recipient shall disclose Confidential Information to anyone it deems necessary, regardless of their need to know or connection to the Permitted Purpose(s).<*$p$*>Recipient shall disclose Confidential Information only to  those of its employees who have a need to know such 
information for the Permitted Purpose(s).  
g. Confidential Information shall not include any information that recipient can demonstrate: 
 
1. was in Recipient’s possession without confidentiality rest riction prior to disclosure by Discloser hereunder; 
 
2. was generally known in the trade or business practiced by Discloser at the time of disclosure through no act of 
Recipient; 
Ball State University  | Third-Party Non-Disclosure Agreement | 
Rev: 9/07/12  Page 2 of 4  
  
 
  
3. has come into the possession of Recipient without confiden tiality restrictions from a third party and such third 
party is under no obligation to Discloser to maintain the confidentiality of such information; or  
4. was developed by Recipient independently of and without reference to Confidential Information. 
 
5. If a particular portion or aspect of Confidential Information becomes subject to any of the foregoing exceptions, 
all other portions or aspects of such information shall rema in subject to all of the provisions of this Agreement. 
 
h. Recipient agrees not to reproduce or copy by any means Confidential Information, except as reasonably required to 
accomplish the Permitted Purpose(s). The Confidential Inform ation shall not be disclosed or revealed to anyone except 
employees of Recipient who have a need  to know the information for e<*$p$*>Recipient is not required to make any effort to maintain the Confidential Information as confidential and may disclose the information at its discretion.<*$p$*>n the degree of care employed by Recipient to preserve and safeguard its own confidential information; prov ided however, that such efforts shall not be less than a 
reasonable degree of care.  
j. Recipient shal<*$p$*>Vendor acknowledges and agrees that Ba ll State University is a state agency su bject to the provisions of the Indiana Open Records law, I.C. 5-14-et seq., and that disclosure of so me or all of confidential information provided pursuant to this Agreement, and of the Agreement itself, may be compelle d pursuant to that law. In the event that Recipient is required by the Indiana Open Records Act, or any other law, to disclose Discloser’s Confidential Information, Recipient will not notify Discloser and will disclose all information that is required.<*$p$*>ding whether there are legitimate grounds to narrow or 
contest such disclosure, and only disclose that information that  the University, in the opinion of legal counsel, is legally 
obligated to disclose.  
l. Discloser understands that Recipient develops and acquir es technology for its own products and/or internal 
applications, and that existing or plan ned technology independently developed or acquired by Recipient may contain 
ideas and concepts similar or identical to those contained in Discloser’s Confidential Information.  Discloser agrees 
that entering this Agreement shall not preclude Recipien t from developing or acquiring technology similar to 
Discloser’s without obligations to Discloser, provided Recipient does not use the Confidential Information to develop such technology. 
 
m. Ball State University’s Confidential Information will not be introduced in any future products marketed by the other 
party to this Agreement.  
n. Neither party has any obligation under or by virtue of this Agreement to purchase from or furnish to the other party any 
products or services, or to enter into any other agreemen t, including but not limited to, a development, consulting, 
purchasing or technology licensing agreement.  
o. Other than as expressly specified herein, Discloser grants  no license to Recipient under any copyrights, patents, 
trademarks, trade secrets or other propri etary rights to use or reproduce Confidential Information. Neither party shall 
use or cause to be published in any kind  of media or communication the name, lo go or other identifying information of 
any of the parties to this Agreement without the pr ior expressed written consent of the other party. 
 
p. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, Re cipient agrees not to export, directly or indirectly, any 
United States (U.S.) source technical data acquired from Discloser or any products utilizing such data to any countries 
outside the U.S. if such export would be in violation of th e United States Export Control Laws or Regulations then in 
effect.  
q.
 The interpretation, application, and enforcement of this Ag reement shall be governed by the laws of the State of 
Indiana without reference to choice of law principles.  Any cl aim, suit, or cause of action involving the <*$p$*>This Agreement expresses the entire agreement and understa nding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior oral or written agreements, commitment and unde rstandings pertaining to the subject matter hereof. Any modifications of or changes to this Agreement can be made orally and are binding.<*$p$*>t matter 
hereof and supersedes all prior oral or  written agreements, commitment and unde rstandings pertaining to the subject 
matter hereof.  Any modifications of or changes to this Ag reement shall be in writing and signed by both parties. 
 
s. Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect 
for the duration of the Non-Disclosure Period, whereupon it shall expire.  Either party may terminate this Agreement at 
any time, without cause, effective imme diately upon written notice of termin ation; however, in the event this 
Agreement is terminated prior to expiration of the Non-Disc losure Period, its provisions shall survive and remain in 
effect for the remainder of the Non-Disclosure Period, with respect to Confidential Information disclosed prior to the 
effective date of termination. 
  
Ball State University  | Third-Party Non-Disclosure Agreement | 
Rev: 9/07/12  Page 4 of 4  
  
 
 PERMITTED PURPOSES  
 
The Permitted Purpose with respect to Confidential Info rmation disclosed to Ball State University shall be a 
presentation/discussion on: 
 
 
  
The Permitted Purpose with respect to Confidential Information disclosed to Vendor shall be: 
 
    
 
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  
 
Ball State University identifies the following as its Confidential Information to be disclosed hereunder: 
 
      Vendor identifies the following as its Confiden tial Information to be disclosed hereunder: 
      
 
 
Vendor Ball State University 
By: By:  
Title:  Title:  
Firm:  Dept:  
Date:  Date:  
Signature:  Signature:  
 