 
Kimberly -Clark Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement  Rev. 2017 -03-27 
Page 1 of 2 
 
Kimberly -Clark Confidential  Mutual Non- Disclosure Agreement  
This Mutual Non- Disclosure Agreement  (“Agreement”)  is effective as of  the date of Company’s electronic 
acceptance (“Effective Date”) . 
 
Kimberly -Clark Corporation and/or Kimberly -Clark Worldwide, Inc. and/or Kimberly -Clark Global Sales, LLC 
and/or one or more of Kimberly -Clark’s other subsidiaries, affiliates or licensees (collectively ''K -C''); and Company  
desire to review or evaluate a subject of mutual i nterest  (the “Purpose”) . 
 
Accordingly, either party may find it desirable or necessary to disclose information which may be considered proprietary and confidential by the party making the disclosure ('' Confidential Information''). Such Confidential 
Information will be disclosed for the P urpose and for no other purpose in accordance with the following 
understandings:  
 
1. Confidentiality Obligations . <*$p$*>Each party shall maintain in confidence Confidential Information obtained from the other and use such Confidential Information only for the P urpose. Each party agrees to treat Confidential Information disclosed to it by the other with a reasonable degree of care, and the Confidential Information shall be disclosed within the recipient party only on a need- to-know basis.<*$p$*>  
 
2. Exceptions to Confidentiality Obligations . The obligations of confidentiality and non- use shall not apply to  
Confidential  Information which the receiving party can document: (a) at the time of disclosure was generally known 
to the public or, after such disclosure, became generally known to the public other than by a breach of this Agreement  by the receiving party; (b) was already in the possession of the receiving party at the time of such 
disclosure without an obligation of confidentiality; (c) was later received on a non- confidential basis by the 
receiving party from a third party having t he right to impart such Confidential Information; or (d) is developed by 
an employee of the receiving party who did not have access to the Confidential Information. Confidential 
Information shall not be deemed to be within one or more of the foregoing exceptions merely because any part of 
such Confidential Information is embodied in general disclosures or because individual features, components or 
combinations are now or hereafter become publicly known.  
 
3. Compelled Disclosure. <*$p$*>If any party becomes legally co mpelled to disclose Confidential Information of the other, the party so compelled shall disclose only that portion of the Confidential Information which it is legally required to furnish.<*$p$*>  
 
4. Publicity . In addition to the foregoing obligations, the part ies to this Agreement agree to consult with and obtain 
written permission from the other party  prior to publishing or disseminating any advertising, promotion or other 
printed material, participating in seminar/symposia presentations or other activity which w ould disclose that they 
have participated in a review or evaluation of the Confidential Information, have a pending or actual business 
relationship and/or any details of that relationship.  
 
5. Return of Confidential Information. <*$p$*>All written, printed, electronically stored or other tangible documents, samples and materials submitted by one party to the other hereunder, and all copies thereof remaining in the receiving party’s possession, shall be returned to the disclosing party upon request or upon termination of this Agreement.<*$p$*>  
  
 
Kimberly -Clark Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement  Rev. 2017 -03-27 
Page 2 of 2 
 
Kimberly -Clark Confidential  6. No Additional Rights or Obligations . Nothing in this Agreement shall be understood as granting,  expressly or 
by implication, any rights to either party under the patents, technical information or know -how of the other party 
except to the extent expressly set forth herein, nor as giving rise to any obligation on the part of either party to 
supply or to purchase any goods or services to the other party.  
 
7. Term; Termination. Either party may at any time upon written notice terminate this Agreement; otherwise 
participation by the parties in the review or evaluation shall end,  and this Agreement shall terminate ten (10)  years 
from the Effective D ate. 
 
8. Survival . <*$p$*>Termination of this Agreement for any reason shall not relieve either party of the obligations of confidentiality and non- use respecting Confidential Information disclosed to such party , which shall survive the termination of this Agreement for a period of ten (10) years.<*$p$*> 
 
9. Independent Contractors . The parties hereto at all times remain independent contractors, and no express or 
implied representations to t he contrary shall be made.  
 
10. Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between the parties 
hereto relating to the subject matter hereof.  This Agreement may not be amended or modified except in writing 
signed by both parties.  
 
11. Assignment . This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their successors in business, but 
shall not other wise be assignable.  
 
12. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of  Wisconsin , U.S.A.  pertaining 
to contracts made and performed within that state, without recourse to an y conflicts of laws principles.  
 
13. Electronic Acceptance. The electronic acceptance of Company  shall be valid and binding as an original 
signature of Company . 
 
 
 
END OF AGREEMENT  