 
WSLEGAL \076142 \00005 \18617085v2     
  
  NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
[NTD: Insert date]  
 
[NTD: Insert name and contact information of Potential Bidder]  
 
Attention: [NTD: Insert name]  
Dear Sirs & Mesdames:  
Pursuant to a Receivership Order granted on October 12, 2017 by the Alberta Court of Queen’s 
Bench (the “ Court ”), FTI Consulting Canada Inc. (the “ Receiver ”) was appointed as receiver over 
a portion of the business and operations (the “ Business ”), and certain assets, un dertakings, and 
properties (the “ Property ”) of, Blaze Energy Ltd. and Wild Rose Energy Ltd.  (together, with the 
Receiver, the “ Company ”, “us”, or “ we”). 
On November 17, 2017 the Court approved a Sale and Investment Solicitation Process (the 
“SISP ”) respect ing the Business and Property. The purpose of the SISP is to seek proposals to 
purchase some or all of the Business and Property. Capitalized terms used in this non -disclosure 
agreement (“ NDA ”) and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to th em in the 
SISP.  
The SISP describes the following: (a) the manner in which prospective bidders may participate in 
the SISP and have access to due diligence materials and Confidential Information (as defined 
below) concerning the Company, the Business, and t he Property; (b) the manner in which bidders 
may become Qualified Bidders and submit Qualified Bids; (c) the process for the evaluation of the 
bids received; (d) the process for the ultimate selection of a Successful Bidder; and (e) the process 
for obtaini ng such approvals (including the approval of the Court) as may be necessary or 
appropriate in respect of a Successful Bid.  
In executing this NDA, you (the “ Potential Bidder ” or “ you”) acknowledge receipt of a copy of 
the SISP, attached as Schedule “A” here to, and hereby agree to accept and be bound by the 
provisions contained therein as the same may be amended, from time to time, with the approval of 
the Court.  
You confirm your interest in participating in the SISP initially as a Potential Bidder and with a  
view to becoming a Qualified Phase I Bidder, a Qualified Phase II Bidder, and a Successful Bidder 
in order to close a transaction contemplated by such Successful Bid (the “ Transaction ”). In that 
regard, you have requested that Confidential Information (as  defined herein) be furnished to you.  
As a condition to us furnishing Confidential Information to you, and in consideration of the 
foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is 
hereby acknowledged, you agr ee on behalf of yourself, your affiliates, and Representatives (as 
defined herein and to the extent such affiliates and Representatives are in receipt of all or any part 
of the Confidential Information) as follows:  
 
WSLEGAL \076142 \00005 \18617085v2    - 2 - 
  
  1. Confidential Information  – The term “ Conf idential Information ” means: (a) any and all 
information of whatever nature (including information in the form not only of written 
information but also information which may be transmitted orally, visually, graphically, 
electronically, or by any other mean s) relating to the Company, the Business, the Property, 
or the Transaction including, without limitation, information concerning any past, present, 
or future customers, suppliers or our technology, and any correspondence, internal 
business discussions, str ategic plans, budgets, financial statements, records, reports, 
evaluations, notes, analyses, documents, engineering, trade secrets, know -how, data, 
patents, copyrights, processes, business rules, tools, business processes, techniques, 
programs, designs, fo rmulae, marketing, advertising, financial, commercial, sales or 
programming materials, equipment configurations, system access codes and passwords, 
written materials, compositions, drawings, diagrams, computer programs, studies, works 
in progress, visual d emonstrations, ideas, concepts, or any other documents or information 
pertaining in any way whatsoever to the Company; (b) all information about an identifiable 
individual or other information that is subject to any federal, provincial, or other applicable  
statute, law, or regulation of any governmental or regulatory authority in Canada relating to 
the collection, use, storage, and/or disclosure of information about an identifiable 
individual, including the Personal Information and Protection of Electronic Documents 
Act (Canada) and equivalent provincial legislation, whether or not any such information is 
confidential (“ Personal Information ”); and (c) all summaries, notes, analyses, 
compilations, data, studies, or other documents or records prepared by the P otential Bidder 
or its Representatives that contain or otherwise reflect or have been generated, wholly or 
partly, or derived from, any such information (“ Derivative Information ”). The term 
“Confidential Information ” shall not include such portions of the Confidential 
Information which: (i) are, or prior to the time of disclosure or utilization become, 
generally available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by you or your 
Representatives; (ii) are received by you from an independent third p arty who had obtained 
the Confidential Information lawfully and was under no obligation of secrecy or 
confidentiality; (iii) you can demonstrate were in your lawful possession before you 
received such Confidential Information from us; or (iv) you can demon strate were 
independently developed by you or on your behalf by personnel having no access to the 
Confidential Information at the time of its independent development. In addition, you 
agree that the Company may, in its sole discretion, withhold or provide information 
requested by you.  
2. Non-Disclosure and Restricted Use  – The Confidential Information will be kept 
confidential by the Potential Bidder and will not, without the prior written consent of the 
Company or as permitted by this NDA, be disclosed by the  Potential Bidder or any of its 
Representatives in any manner whatsoever, in whole or in part, and will not be used by the 
Potential Bidder or any of its Representatives, directly or indirectly, for any purpose other 
than evaluating, negotiating, and consu mmating a Transaction (the “ Permitted Purpose ”). 
You will not use the Confidential Information so as to obtain any commercial advantage 
over us or in any way which is, directly or indirectly, detrimental to us. Neither you nor any 
of your affiliates will a lter, decompose, disassemble, reverse engineer, or otherwise modify 
any Confidential Information received hereunder that relates to the research and 
development, intellectual property, processes, new product developments, product 
designs, formulae, technic al information, patent information, know -how, or trade secrets 
 
WSLEGAL \076142 \00005 \18617085v2    - 3 - 
  
  of the Company.  <*$p$*>The Potential Bidder agrees to comply with privacy laws in respect of Confidential Information relating to individuals.<*$p$*>  The Potential Bidder 
recognizes and acknow ledges the competitive value and confidential nature of the 
Confidential Information and the damage that could result to the Company if any 
information contained therein is disclosed to any person.  
3. Storage and Records  – You shall store the Confidential Inf ormation properly and 
securely and ensure that appropriate physical, technological, and organisational measures 
are in place to protect the Confidential Information against unauthorised or unintended 
access, use, or disclosure. You will only reproduce or t ake such copies of any of the 
Confidential Information as is reasonably necessary for the Permitted Purpose. You shall 
keep a record of the Confidential Information furnished to you, in any medium other than 
oral, and of the location of such Confidential I nformation.  
4. Access Limited to Representatives  – The Potential Bidder may reveal or permit access to 
the Confidential Information only to its agents, representatives (including lawyers, 
accountants, and financial advisors), directors, officers, and employee s (each a 
“Representative ”) who require access to the Confidential Information for the Permitted 
Purpose, who are informed by the Potential Bidder of the confidential nature of the 
Confidential Information, who are directed by the Potential Bidder to hold the Confidential 
Information in the strictest confidence, and who agree to act in accordance with the terms 
and conditions of this NDA. The Potential Bidder will take all necessary precautions or 
measures as may be reasonable in the circumstances to preven t improper access to the 
Confidential Information or use or disclosure of the Confidential Information by the 
Potential Bidder’s Representatives and will be responsible and liable for any breach of this 
NDA by any of the Potential Bidder’s Representatives.  <*$p$*>You will, in the event of a breach of this NDA or any disclosure of Confidential Information by you or any of your Representatives, other than as permitted by this NDA through accident, inadvertence, or otherwise, notify us of the breach.<*$p$*>  
You acknowledge that certain of our books, records, or information representing or 
containing Confidential Information to which you may be given access are books, records,  
and information to which solicitor -client privilege and/or litigation privilege (“ Privilege ”) 
attaches. You recognize and acknowledge that we have a material interest in the 
preservation of Privilege in respect of all Privileged material (collectively, th e “Privileged 
Material ”). You agree (acting on your own behalf and as agent for your Representatives) 
that: (a) such access is being provided solely for the Permitted Purpose; (b) such access is 
not intended and should not be interpreted as a waiver of any  Privilege in respect of 
Privileged Material or any right to assert or claim Privilege in respect of Privileged 
Material. To the extent there is any waiver, it is intended to be a limited waiver in your 
favour, solely for the Permitted Purpose; (c) you sha ll keep the Privileged Material in strict 
confidence, and disclose such material solely to your legal counsel and to your directors, 
officers, and employees and any affiliate and only to the extent required for the Permitted 
Purpose; (d) at our request, al l copies of Privileged Material, and any notes that would 
disclose the contents of Privileged Material, will be destroyed or returned to the owner 
thereof; and (e) at our request, you shall claim or assert, or co -operate to claim or assert, 
Privilege in re spect of our Privileged Material.  
 
WSLEGAL \076142 \00005 \18617085v2    - 4 - 
  
  5. No Disclosure of Transaction  – The Potential Bidder and its Representatives will not, 
without our prior written consent, disclose to any person the fact that the Confidential 
Information has been made available, that this NDA  has been entered into, that discussions 
or negotiations are taking place or have taken place concerning a possible Transaction, or 
any of the terms, conditions, or other facts with respect to any such possible Transaction or 
the SISP.  
6. Contact Persons  – In respect of Confidential Information requests or any other matters 
concerning the Confidential Information or the Transaction, you agree to communicate 
only with  Deryck Helkaa and/or Dustin Olver, or with such other individual or individuals 
as they may  authorize in writing . Without our prior written consent, neither you nor any of 
your Representatives will initiate or cause to be initiated or maintain any communication 
with any officer, director, agent, or employee of ours, or any affiliate, creditor, s hareholder, 
customer, supplier, or lender of ours concerning our business, operations, prospects, or 
finances, or the Confidential Information or the Transaction.  
7. Proprietary Rights  – You acknowledge that the Confidential Information is a proprietary 
asset  of the Company  and its affiliates and agree that, as between you and the Company, 
the Company will retain proprietary rights in the Confidential Information and the 
disclosure of such Confidential Information shall not be deemed to confer upon you any 
rights whatsoever in respect of any Confidential Information.  
8. Return of Confidential Information  – If you determine not to pursue a Transaction, you 
will advise us of that fact forthwith upon such determination being made. At the time of 
such notice, or if, a t any earlier time, we so direct (whether or not you determine to pursue 
a Transaction), you and your Representatives will, at your own expense, promptly return or 
destroy all copies of the Confidential Information upon our request (and, in any event, 
within five (5) business days after such request),  except for that portion of the Confidential 
Information which consists of Derivative Information, which will be destroyed, and in the 
case of information stored in electronic form, it will be permanently erase d. If requested by 
us, compliance with this Section 8 shall be certified in writing by an authorized officer of 
the Potential Bidder.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing: (a) you may retain a copy of the Confidential Information 
to the extent that such retention  is required to demonstrate compliance with applicable law, 
regulation, or professional standards, provided that it is kept strictly confidential; and (b) 
Confidential Information that is electronically stored may be retained in back -up servers if 
it is no t intentionally made available to any person, and is deleted in accordance with your 
normal policies with respect to the retention of electronic records . Notwithstanding the 
return or destruction of the Confidential  Information, you and your Representative s shall 
continue to be bound by the confidentiality and other obligations hereunder.   
9. No Representation  – You acknowledge that neither we nor any of our Representatives 
make any express or implied representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completene ss 
of the Confidential  Information, and agree that neither we nor our Representatives shall 
have any liability, direct or indirect, to you or your Representatives relating to or resulting 
from the Confidential  Information or the use thereof, errors therein , or omissions therefrom 
and except in accordance with any specific representations and warranties made in any 
 
WSLEGAL \076142 \00005 \18617085v2    - 5 - 
  
  Definitive Agreement entered into regarding the Transaction. This NDA does not create 
any obligation between the Company and the Potential Bidder  nor any of their respective 
Representatives to negotiate and enter into a Transaction.  
10. Definitive Agreement  – You acknowledge and agree that no agreement relating to or 
providing for the Transaction shall exist unless and until a Definitive Agreement with  
respect to Transaction has been executed by you and us (or any of our affiliates). It is 
agreed that unless and until such a Definitive Agreement has been executed and delivered 
pursuant to the terms of the SISP, neither we nor you shall have any legal ob ligation of any 
kind whatsoever with respect to the completion of the Transaction by virtue of this NDA 
except as otherwise contemplated by the SISP. We and you further understand and agree 
that: (a)  we are under no obligation to provide Confidential  Infor mation and any data room 
containing Confidential  Information may be closed by us at any time; and (b) you shall not 
have any claim whatsoever against us (nor any of our affiliates or Representatives) arising 
out of or relating to the completion of the Tran saction (other than as expressly set forth in a 
subsequent Definitive Agreement entered into by us and you in connection with the 
Transaction and pursuant to the terms of the SISP). The process leading up to a Transaction 
shall be governed by the applicabl e terms of the SISP. Subject to the SISP, either party to 
this NDA may terminate discussions and negotiations with regard to the Transaction at any 
time for any reason.  
11. Required Disclosure  – In the event that you or any of your Representatives become 
legal ly compelled or are required by regulatory authorities having appropriate jurisdiction 
to disclose any of the Confidential  Information, you will promptly provide us with written 
notice so that we may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy and/ or waive 
compliance with the provisions of this NDA. You will cooperate with us on a reasonable 
basis to obtain a protective order or other remedy. In the event that such protective order or 
other remedy is not obtained or we waive compliance with the prov isions of this NDA, you 
will furnish only that portion of the Confidential  Information which you are advised by 
legal counsel is legally required to be disclosed and will exercise all reasonable efforts to 
obtain reliable assurance that confidential treatm ent will be accorded to the Confidential  
Information so furnished.  
12. Non-Solicitation; No -Hire – Without prior written consent of the Company, for a period 
of two (2) years from the date of this NDA (the “ Restriction Period ”), the Potential 
Bidder, its Repre sentatives, and its affiliates will not, either directly or indirectly, solicit for 
employment, employ, or otherwise contract for the services of (or cause or seek to cause to 
leave the employ of us or any of our affiliates) any person who is now employed or 
engaged (either as an employee or consultant) or becomes employed or engaged during the 
term of this NDA by us in our operations, other than persons whose employment or 
engagement shall have been terminated at least six (6) months  prior to the date of s uch 
solicitation, employment, or other contractual arrangements . The prohibition contained in 
this paragraph does not extend to general solicitations of employment by you not 
specifically directed towards our employees or consultants.  
13. Standstill – The Potential Bidder agrees that  during the Restriction Period, neither you nor 
any of your affiliates (including any person or entity directly or indirectly through one or 
more intermediaries controlling you or controlled by or under common control with you) 
 
WSLEGAL \076142 \00005 \18617085v2    - 6 - 
  
  will, without the prior written authorization of the Company , directly, indirectly, or jointly 
or in concert with any other person:  (a) purchase, offer, or agree to purchase any securities 
(including equity and debt securities), direct or indirect rights, or options to acquire 
securities, bank indebtedness, trade claims, or other liabilities of the Company or assets of 
ours or any of our affiliates ; (b) enter into, offer, or agree to enter into or engage in any 
discussions or negotiations with respect to any a cquisition or other business combination 
transaction relating to us or any of our affiliates, or any acquisition transaction relating to 
all or part of the assets of the Company, any of our affiliates or any of their respective 
businesses, or propose any o f the foregoing; (c) solicit proxies from our shareholders or 
otherwise attempt to influence the conduct of our shareholders or the voting of any of our 
or any of our affiliates’ voting securities; (d) form, join, or in any way participate in any 
group act ing jointly or in concert with respect to the foregoing; (e) seek any modification to 
or waiver of your agreements and obligations under this NDA; (f) seek, propose, or 
otherwise act alone or in concert with others, to influence or control the management, 
board of directors, or policies of the Company or any of our affiliates ; (g) advise, assist, or 
encourage , act as a financing source for, or otherwise invest in any other person in 
connection with any of the foregoing activities; or (h) disclose any intent ion, plan, or 
arrangement, or  take any action inconsistent with the foregoing.  
14. Amendment of Agreement – This NDA may not be amended, modified, or waived except 
by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties hereto.  
15. Successors and Assig ns; Assignability – This NDA shall be binding upon, inure to the 
benefit of, and be enforceable by the respective successors and permitted assigns of the 
parties hereto. This NDA may not be assigned by the Potential Bidder without the prior 
written consent  of the Company. Any assignment or attempted assignment in 
contravention of this subsection shall be void ab initio  and shall not relieve the assigning 
party of any obligation under this NDA.  
16. Certain Definitions  – In this NDA, the term “ affiliate ” shall me an a person directly or 
indirectly controlling, or controlled by, or under common control with, us or you, as the 
case may be, with “ control ” meaning direct or indirect ownership of more than 50% of the 
voting securities or similar rights or interests of s uch person. The term “ person ” shall be 
interpreted broadly to include, without limitation, any individual, corporation, company, 
partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, estate, 
association, trust, firm, unincorporated or ganization , or other entity of any kind or nature.  
17. Governing Law  – This NDA shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the Province of Alberta and the federal laws of Canada applicable in the Province 
of Alberta. You hereby irrevocab ly: (a) submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court of 
Queen’s Bench of Alberta, Judicial District of Calgary in respect of any actions or 
proceedings (“ Proceedings ”) relating in any way to this NDA and the transactions 
contemplated hereby  (and you a gree not to commence any Proceeding relating thereto 
except in such courts); and (b) waive any objection to the venue of any Proceeding relating 
to this NDA or the transactions contemplated hereby in the courts of competent jurisdiction 
in the Province of Alberta, including the objection that any such Proceeding has been 
brought in an inconvenient forum.  
 
WSLEGAL \076142 \00005 \18617085v2    - 7 - 
  
  18. Non-Waiver  – No failure or delay by the Company in exercising any right, power, or 
privilege under this NDA will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial 
exercise preclude any other or further exercise of any right, power, or privilege under this 
NDA.  
19. Notice  – Any notice, consent, or approval required or permitted to be given in connection 
with this NDA (“ Notice ”) shall be in writing and s hall be sufficiently given if delivered 
(whether in person, by courier service, or other personal method of delivery):  
(a) to the Receiver:  
FTI Consulting Canada Inc.  
720, 440 2 Avenue S.W.  
Calgary, Alberta T2P 5E9  
Attention: Dustin Olver  
Telephone: (403) 454 -6032  
Fax: (403) 232 -6116  
Email: dustin.olver@fticonsulting.com  
(b) to the Potential Bidder:  
 [NTD: Insert contact information]  
Any Notice delivered or transmitted as provided above shall be deemed to have been given 
and received on the day it is delivered or transmitted, provided that it is delivered or 
transmitted on a business day prior to 5:00 p.m. local time in the place of delivery or 
receipt. However, if the Notice is delivered or transmitted after 5:00 p.m. local time or if 
such day is not a business da y then the Notice shall be deemed to have been given and 
received on the next business day. Both you and we may, from time to time, change our 
respective addresses by giving Notice to the other in accordance with the provisions of this 
section.  
20. Indemnity  – The Potential Bidder shall indemnify and hold harmless us and our 
Representatives from any damages, loss, cost, or liability (including reasonable legal fees 
and the cost of enforcing this indemnity) arising out of or resulting from any breach of this 
NDA  by the Potential Bidder or any of its Representatives.   
21. Injunctive Relief  – You acknowledge that disclosure of the Confidential Information or 
other breach of this NDA would cause serious and irreparable  damage and harm to us and 
that remedies at law woul d be inadequate to protect against breach of this NDA, and agree 
in advance to the granting of injunctive relief in our favour for any breach of the provisions 
of this NDA and to the specific enforcement of the terms of this NDA, without proof of 
actual da mages, and without the requirement to post a bond or other security, in addition to 
any other remedy to which we would be entitled.  
22. Term – Except as otherwise provided herein, confidentiality and non -use obligations 
described in this NDA  shall terminate upon the expiration of the Restriction Period. 
 
WSLEGAL \076142 \00005 \18617085v2    - 8 - 
  
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, you acknowledge that the confidentiality and non -use 
obligations in this NDA pertaining to Personal Information shall survive any termination 
or expiration of th is NDA.  
23. Severability  – If any provision or portion of any provision of this NDA is determined to be 
invalid or unenforceable for any reason, then that provision or portion of that provision will 
be severed from this NDA, with the rest of this NDA remainin g in full force and effect.  
24. Counterparts  – This NDA may be executed and delivered by electronic transmission. An 
electronic signature shall have the same legal effect as a manual signature. This NDA may 
be validly executed in any number of counterparts, al l of which taken together shall 
constitute one and the same agreement and each of which shall constitute an original.  
[Signature page follows]  
 
WSLEGAL \076142 \00005 \18617085v2    - 9 - 
  
  Please acknowledge your agreement to the foregoing by countersigning this letter in the place 
provided below and  returning it to the undersigned.  
 
 
Very truly yours,  
 
FTI CONSULTING CANADA INC.  
solely in its capacity as Court Appointed Receiver 
of Blaze Energy Ltd. and Wild Rose Energy Ltd. 
and not in its personal or corporate capacity  
Per:  
  
  
  
 
CONFIRMED AND AGREED  this         day of    , 2017.  
[NTD: Insert name]  
Per:  
 
Per:  
 
 