 
       
    
  
 
 
 
THIS AGREEMENT is made on (                                          )  and between  (MMGRP  Limited ) ("Discloser") and 
(                                                                )  ("Recipient").  
Parties:  
Discloser:  
(MMGRP  Limited )  with registered office address (145 – 157 St Johns Street, London EC1V 4PW ) Registered 
in England & Wales with Company Number (07527443 ) 
And 
Recipient:  
(     ) with registered office address (     
       ). Registered in England & Wales with Comp any 
Number (    ) 
1. Purpose. The Discloser has agreed to make available to the Recipient certain  
Confidential Information (as defined below) of the Discloser for the purpose of evaluating a possible business 
transaction with the Discloser.  
2. Definition. "Confidential Information" means any information, technical data, or know - 
how, inc luding, but not limited to, that which relates to research, product plans, products, services, customers, 
markets, opt -in information including Short -code and URL information, marketing or finances, which Confidential 
Information is designated in writing t o be confidential or proprietary, or if given orally, is confirmed promptly in 
writing as having been disclosed as confidential or proprietary. Confidential Information does not include 
information, technical data or know -how which: (i) is in the possessio n of the receiving party at the time of 
disclosure as shown by the receiving party's files and records immediately prior to the time of disclosure; (ii) 
prior or after the time of disclosure becomes part of the public knowledge or literature, not as a resu lt of any 
inaction or action of the receiving party; or (iii) is approved for release by the Discloser in writing.  
3. Non -Disclosure of Confidential Information. The Recipient agrees not to use the  
Confidential Information for any purpose other than that s et forth in Section 1 of this Agreement. The Recipient 
will not disclose any Confidential Information to third parties except those directors, officers, employees, 
consultants and agents of Recipient who are required to have the information in order to car ry out the purpose 
set forth in Section 1 of this Agreement. <*$p$*>Recipient has had or will have directors, officers, employees, consultants and agents of Recipient to whom Confidential Information is disclosed or who have access to Confidential Information sign a Non -Disclosure Agreement in content substantially similar to this Agreement.<*$p$*> <*$p$*>Recipient agrees that it will take measures to protect the secrecy of and avoid disclosure or use of Confidential Information in order to prevent it from falling into the public domain or the possession of persons other than those persons authorized hereunder to have any such information.<*$p$*> Recipient agrees to notify the Discloser in writing of any misuse or 
misappropriation of s uch Confidential Information which may come to its attention.  
 
 
 Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA ) 
 
4. Mandatory Disclosure. <*$p$*>In the event that the Recipient or its directors, officers, employees, consultants or agents are requested or required by legal process to disclose any of the Confidential Information, the Recipient may, at its discretion, notify the Discloser.<*$p$*> In the event that such protective order is not obtained, the Recipient shall disclose only that 
portion of the Confidenti al Information which its counsel advises that it is legally required to disclose.  
5. Return of Materials. <*$p$*>Any materials or documents of which have been furnished by the Discloser to the Recipient will be returned after the evaluation set forth in Section 1 of this Agreement has been concluded.<*$p$*>  
6. No License Granted. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to grant any rights to  
Recipient under any patent, copyright, trade secret or other intellectual prop erty right nor shall this Agreement 
grant Recipient any rights in or to the other party's Confidential Information, except the limited right to review 
such Confidential Information solely for the purpose set forth in Section 1 of this Agreement.  
7. Term. T he foregoing commitments shall survive any termination of discussions  
between the parties, and shall continue for a period of three (3) years following the date of this Agreement.  
8. Miscellaneous. This Agreement shall be binding upon and for the benefit o f the 
undersigned parties, their successors and assigns, provided that Confidential Information may not be assigned 
without the prior written consent of the Discloser. Failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not 
constitute a waiver of any term hereof.  
9. Governing Law and Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by and  
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the United Kingdom, and shall be binding upon 
the parties hereto in United Kingdom and worldwide.  
10. Re medies. Recipient agrees that its obligations hereunder are necessary and  
reasonable in order to protect the Discloser and its business, and expressly agrees that monetary damages 
would be inadequate to compensate the Discloser for any breach of any covena nts and agreements set forth 
herein. Accordingly, Recipient agrees and acknowledges that any such violation or threatened violation will 
cause irreparable injury to the Discloser and that, in addition to any other remedies that may be available, in 
law, in  equity or otherwise, the Discloser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the threatened 
breach of this Agreement or the continuation of any such breach, without the necessity of proving actual 
damages.  
 
 
For and on behalf of   For and on be half of  
MMGRP  Limited   [                                                                        ] 
Print Name   Print Name  
   
Position   Position  
   
Date:   Date:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MMGRP Limited , 145 – 157 St Johns Stre et, London , EC1V 4PW  
Company Number:  07527443  DPA Registration Number: Z2553231  
t. +44 (0) 207 873 2421  f. +44 (0) 844 443 2349        e. sales@mmgrp.co.uk  