 
  
 
Non -Disclosure  Agreement Template (India) | OS v.1 | November  2016 
 
1 
 
NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
This non-disclosure agr eement  (“Agreement ”) is dated [__] (“Effective Date ”) and is entered into  by and between:  
 
[__] (“Party 1”)  
 
AND  
 
[__] (“Party 2”)  
 
Party 1 and Party 2  are hereinafter referred to individually as a " Party " and collectively as the "Parties ". Wherever the 
context requires, the Party disclosing the confidential information shall be referred to as the  “Disclosing Party ” and 
the Party receiving the confidential information shall be referred to as the “Receiving Party ”. 
 
Whereas : 
A. Party 1 engages in [__] and Party 2 engages in [__]. 
B. The Parties wish to collaborate and enter into discussions  for the purpose of [__] (“Purpose”) and wish to 
keep such discussions confidential.   
 
Now therefore, in consideration for the mutual promises and covenants set forth herein, the Parties agree as follows:  
 
1. “Confidential Information ” shall mean and include all non -public information, written or oral, disclosed, 
directly or indirectly, through any means of communication or observation (including oral, graphic, written 
or electronic form) by the Disclosing Party or any of its affiliates or representatives to or for the benefit of 
the Receiving Party from the Effective Date, irrespective of whether such inform ation: (a) has been 
specifically marked as “confidential” at the time of disclosure; (b) is treated as proprietary information by the 
Disclosing Party; or (c) is owned or developed by the Disclosing Party.  
 
2. Confidential Information shall include any financial, business, proprietary or technical information of the 
Disclosing Party .  
 
3. All such Confidential Information shared under this Agreement shall be used by the Parties exclusively for 
the Purpose and neither Party shall disclose or otherwise use th e Confidential Information for any other 
purpose or in any other manner without the prior written approval of the Disclosing Party.  
 
4. The Confidential Information shared under this Agreement may be disclosed by the Receiving Party to other 
employees on a n eed to know basis, with written consent from the Disclosing Party, in connection with the 
Purpose, and who shall protect the Confidential Information in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  
 
5. The Receiving Party shall protect the Confidential Inform ation in the same manner as it would protect its 
own confidential information.  
 
6. The confidentiality obligations under this Agreement shall not apply to Confidential Information which:  
 
a. was in the public domain or generally available to the public prior to receipt thereof by Receiving 
Party from the Disclosing Party, or which subsequently becomes part of the public domain or 
generally available to the public other than as a result of a breach of this Agreement by Receiving 
Party;  
b. was in the possession of Re ceiving Party prior to receipt from the Disclosing Party;  
c. is later lawfully received by Receiving Party from a third party  without any confidentiality 
restrictions applicable ;  
d. is independently created or developed by the Receiving Party without use or ref erence of the 
Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party ; or, 
e. is required to be disclosed by operation of applicable law . 
 
7. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Confidential Information may be 
disclosed as required by applicable law, regulations or governmental procedure , provided the Receiving Party 
notifies the Disclosing Party prior to such d isclosure, unless prohibited by law, so as to afford the Disclosing 
 
  
 
Non -Disclosure  Agreement Template (India) | OS v.1 | November  2016 
 
2 
 
Party reasonable opportunity to object or seek an appropriate protective order with respect to such 
disclosure.  
 
8. The Receiving Party agrees not to issue or release for publication any arti cles or advertising or publicity 
matter relating to this Agreement which mention or imply the name of the Disclosing Party any of its 
affiliates, or subject matter hereof, unless prior written consent is granted by the Disclosing Party  subject 
only to Clau se 7.  The Receiving Party shall make such amendments to any such press release or public 
statement as are reasonably requested by the Disclosing Party.  
 
9. No transfer of intellectual property right either by way of assignment or license is either granted or  implied 
by the disclosure of Confidential Information to the Receiving Party. The fact that Confidential Information 
is disclosed to the Receiving Party shall not be deemed to constitut e any representation, warranty or 
inducement by the Disclosing Party o f any kind  (including of its accuracy or correctness)  with respect to the 
Confidential Information, including without limitation, which  such use will not infringe on intellectual 
property rights of any third party.  
 
10. <*$p$*>The Receiving Party shall, upon the termination of this Agreement, return to the Disclosing Party all Confidential Information, including drawings, documents, reports and other tangible manifestations of Confidential Information received by the Receiv ing Party pursuant to this Agreement.<*$p$*>  
 
11. This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall terminate on the delivery of written 
notice of termination from either Party; provided, however,  that the obligations of the Receiving Party under 
this Agreement shall remain in effect for a period of [__] years from the date of termination.  
 
12. <*$p$*>This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of India. The parties agree to resolve any dispute that arises in relation to this Agreement through binding arbitration.<*$p$*>   
 
13. The Partner represents and covenants that its performance of this Agreement does not and will not breach 
any agreement it has entered i nto or will enter into with any third party . The Partner agrees not to enter into 
any written or oral agreement that conflicts with the provisions of this Agreement.  
 
14. The individuals executing this Agreement represent and warrant that they are empo wered an d duly 
authorized execute this Agreement on behalf of the parties they represent.  Each Party represents and 
warrants to the other Party that it is authorised to execute this Agreement and is competent to discharge the 
obligations under this Agreement.  
 
15. Nothing in this Agreement will be construed to create a partnership, joint venture, franchise, fiduciary, 
employment or agency relationship between the parties.  Neither Party has any express or implied authority 
to assume or create any obligations on beha lf of the other or to bind the other to any contract, agreement or 
undertaking with any third party.  
 
16. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or 
unenforceable, the remaining provisions sh all remain in full force and effect.  
 
17. <*$p$*>This Agreement contains the understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior representations and understandings, whether oral or written. This Agreement may be amended.<*$p$*>  
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement under seal as of the Effective Date.  
 
 Signature  Name  Designation  Organisation  
Party      
 