<PAGE>   1
                                                                  EXHIBIT (c)(3)



                               PLASMA-THERM, INC.



                           CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT

        This Confidentiality Agreement (the "Agreement"), made and entered into
as of this 1st day of September, 1999, by and between Plasma-Therm, Inc., a
corporation organized under the laws of the State of Florida ("PTI" or the
"Company") and Balzers Limited through its Balzers Process System Division, a
corporation organized under the laws of the Principality of Liechtenstein
("BPS").

        The parties hereto desire to explore and discuss a possible transaction
or to further a business relationship between them.

        In connection therewith, the parties will be given access to
Confidential Information (as defined below) relating to each other's businesses
and affairs;

    <*$p$*>Except as set forth below, "Confidential Information" shall only mean and include financial information relating to the present businesses and affairs of the party disclosing the information (the "Disclosing Party"), which information is provided to the other party (the "Receiving Party") in connection with the business relationship provided in written form.<*$p$*>, hard drives, magnetic
tape or digital or any other electronic medium (it being understood that oral
communications will be confirmed in writing within three (3) working days). It
is further understood that the term "Confidential Information" does not mean and
include information which:

        (a)    is or subsequently becomes publicly available without the
               Receiving Party's breach of any obligation owed to the
               Disclosing Party;

        (b)    prior to disclosure hereunder is within the possession of the
               Receiving Party, and was obtained by the Receiving Party from a
               source not under obligation not to disclose such information or
               any of its Representatives as defined below.

        (c)    is lawfully received by the Receiving Party from a third party
               (other than the Disclosing Party) having rights to disseminate
               without restriction such information and such information is
               received by the Receiving Party from such third party without
               notice to the Receiving Party of any restriction against its
               further disclosure;

        (d)    is disclosed with the prior written approval of the Disclosing
               Party; or




<PAGE>   2

        (e)    is required to be produced by the receiving party under order of
               a court of competent jurisdiction or a valid administrative or
               congressional subpoena; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that upon issuance of
               any such order or subpoena, the Receiving Party shall promptly
               notify the Disclosing Party and shall provide the Disclosing
               Party with an opportunity (if then available) to contest the
               propriety of such order or subpoena (or to arrange for
               appropriate safeguards against any further disclosure by the
               court or administrative or congressional body seeking to compel
               disclosure of such Confidential Information).

        SECTION 2. OWNERSHIP. The Receiving Party hereby acknowledges and
agrees that all of the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party is the
exclusive proprietary property of the Disclosing Party, is being disclosed
solely for the purpose of enabling the parties to conduct the discussions
relating to the Transaction is to be used by the Receiving Party only in such
limited manner as is permitted by the provisions of this Agreement.

        SECTION 3. NON-DISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. The Confidential
Information shall (a) be kept confidential by the Receiving Party and not
disclosed to any third party (<*$p$*>The Receiving Party will (i) inform each of its Representatives receiving Confidential Information of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and of the existence and the terms of this Agreement.<*$p$*>ation confidentially and not to use it other than in connection with an
evaluation of the Transaction, (iii) require that any Representative other than
a director or officer of Disclosing Party or Receiving Party execute a
counterpart of this Agreement prior to any disclosure by the Receiving Party of
Confidential Information to such Representative, which counterpart shall have
annexed thereto a schedule (the "Disclosure Schedule") setting forth in
appropriate detail the Confidential Information that is to be disclosed to such
Representative. For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Affiliate" shall mean
any Person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries,
controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Person
specified. As used in the foregoing definition, the term "Person" shall mean an
individual, firm, trust, association, corporation, partnership, government
(whether federal, state, local or other political subdivision, or any agency or
bureau of any of them) or other entity.

        SECTION 4. CARE AND RETURN OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. The Receiving
Party and its Representatives hereby agree to use their best efforts to prevent
inadvertent disclosure of Confidential Information to others. The Receiving
Party agrees to treat the Confidential Information with at least the degree of
care that it treats similar materials of its own, or a higher standard of care
if reasonable under the circumstances.

               Upon the request of the Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party
will return to the Disclosing Party all documents which contain Confidential
Information of the Disclosing Party, and agree that the Receiving Party and its
Representatives will not retain<*$p$*>Either party hereto shall publicly announce or otherwise disclose any proposed terms of or that discussions relating to the Transaction are taking place, without the need for prior written consent of the other, provided they disclose the information in a misleading manner.<*$p$*>e, without the prior written
consent of the other, any proposed terms of or that discussions relating to the
Transaction are taking place except for such disclosure as the party seeking to
make disclosure has been advised by its legal counsel is required by law, in
which case the party seeking to make disclosure shall provide the other party
with as much prior notice of such announcement or disclosure (including the
proposed text of such announcement or disclosure) as is reasonably possible
under the circumstances (and attempt in good faith to obtain such other party's
<*$p$*>For a period of six months following the date of this Agreement, each of the parties and its affiliates will directly or indirectly, without the written consent of the other party, acquire or agree to acquire ownership of any bank debt, claims or other obligations of the other party, or any rights or options to acquire such ownership, directly or from a third party.<*$p$*>sentation on the
               other's board of directors, or solicit, participate in the
               solicitation of, any proxies or consents with respect to any
               securities of the other, or make any public announcement with
               <*$p$*>Except as specified elsewhere herein, the term of this agreement shall be one year commencing on the date hereof, unless otherwise agreed orally by the parties hereto.<*$p$*>             understandings with any third party with respect to the
               foregoing; or




                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4

        (d)    seek or request permission or participate in any effort to do
               any of the foregoing or make or seek permission to make any
               public announcement with respect to any of the foregoing.

        If at any time during such six months period either party or its
        Representatives are approached by any third party with respect to any
        of the foregoing, such party shall promptly inform the other of the
        nature of such contact and the proposed transaction and shall identify
        the parties thereto.

        SECTION 10. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be construed and
enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida.

        SECTION 11. TERM. Except as specified elsewhere herein, the term of
this agreement shall be six months commencing on the date hereof, unless
otherwise agreed in writing by the parties hereto.

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Confidentiality
Agreement to be executed and delivered by their respective appropriate
officers, thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first written above.


                                 PLASMA-THERM, INC.


                                 By: /s/ Stacy L. Wagner
                                     --------------------------------------
                                 Name:  Stacy L. Wagner
                                 Title: Chief Financial Officer & Secretary 


                                 BALZERS LIMITED
                                 Balzers Process Systems Division


                                 By: /s/ Martin Bader        /s/ Erich Haefeli
                                     --------------------        ---------------
                                 Name:   Dr. Martin Bader        Erich Haefeli
                                 Title:  Division Manager        General Counsel
                                         Semiconductors










                                      -4-