 
Page | 1  
 
 
Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement  
This Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement ("agreement") is between the parties signing bel ow. "We," "us" and 
"our" refer to both of the parties signing below and our respective affiliates. The “Company” or “Individual” 
named below will also be referred to as “Partner” and “The Bleecker Consulting Group, LLC” will be referred 
to as “BCG.”  
 
 
COMPANY or INDIVIDUAL      
THE BLEECKER CONSULTING GROUP, LLC  
Business Entity T ype:   
State of Incorporation:  
 
Principal  Address:  
 
 Business Entity Type:   Limited Liability Company  
State of Incorporation:   Florida, United States  
 
Principal  Address:  
11555 Heron Bay Blvd., Suite 200, Coral Springs, Florida, 
33076  
  
Sign:  Sign:  
Print Name:  
 
Print Title:    Print Name:   David Bleecker  
 
Print Title:   Managing Partner  
Signature Date:  Signature Date:  
 
1. The purpose of this agreement . 
 
This agreement allo ws us to disclose confidential information to each other, to our own affiliates and to the 
other' s affiliates,  under the following terms. An "affiliate" is any legal entity that one of us owns, that owns 
one of us or that is  under common control with one of us. "Control" and "own" mean possessing a 50% or 
greater Interest in an entity or the  right to direct the management of the entity.  
2. Confidential information.  
a. What is included,  "Confidential information" is non -public information,  know -how and trade 
secrets in any form that:  
 Are designated as "confidential"; or  
 A reasonable person knows or reasonably should understand to be confidential.  
b. What is not included?  The following types of information, however marked, are not 
confidential  
information. Information that:  
 Is, or becomes, publicly available without a breach of this agreement;  
 Was lawfully known to the receiver of the information w ithout an obligation to  keep it 
confidential;  
 Is received from another source who can disclose it lawfully and wi thout an obligation to 
keep it confidential;  
 Is independently develo<*$p$*>Treatment of confidential information. a. In general. Subject to the other terms of this agreement, each of us agrees:  We will not disclose the other's confidential information to third parties, unless explicitly approved in writing by the disclosing party; and  We will use and disclose the other's confidential information only for purposes of our business relationship with each other.<*$p$*>es; and  
 We will use and disclose the other's confidential information only for purposes of our 
business relationship with each other.  
b. Security precautions. Each of us agrees:  
 To take reasonable steps to protect the other's confidential information. These steps 
must be at least as protective as those we take to protect our own confidential 
information;  
 To notify the other promptly upon discovery of any unauthorized use or discl osure of 
confidential information; and  
 To cooperate with the other to help regain control of the confid ential information and 
prevent further unauthorized use or disclosure of it.  
c. Sharing confidential information with affiliates and representatives.  
 A "representative" is an employee, contractor, advisor or consultant of one of us or one 
of our respective affiliates .  
 Each of us may disclose the other's confidential information to our representatives (who 
may then disclose that confidential information to  other of our representatives) only if 
those representatives have a need to know about it for purposes of our business 
relationship with each other. Before doing so, each of us must:  
o Ensure that affiliates and representatives are required to protect the 
confidential information on terms consistent with this agreement; and  
o Accept responsibility for each representative's use of confidential information.  
 Neither of us is required to restrict work assignments of representatives who have had access 
to  
confid ential information. Neither of us can control the incoming informat ion the other will 
disclose to us in the course of working together, or what our representatives will remember, 
even without  
notes or other aids. We agree that use of information in repres entatives' unaided memories 
in the  
development or deployment of our respective products or services does not create liability 
under  
this agreement or trade secret law, and we agree to limi t what we disclose to the other 
accordingly.  
d. Disclosing confidential information if required to by law. Each of us may disclose the 
other's  
confidential information if required to comply with a court order or ot her government demand 
that has the force of law. Before doing so, each of<*$p$*>Length of confidential information obligations a. Termination. This agreement continues in effect until one of us terminates it. Either of us may terminate this agreement for any reaso n by providing the other with 60 days' advance written notice. Termination of this agreement will change all of the rights and du ties made while this agreement is Page | 3 in effect. b. No other use or disclosure of confidential information. Except as permitted above, neither of us will use nor disclose the other's c onfidential information for three years after we receive it. The three - year time period does not apply if applicable law requires a longer period.<*$p$*>either of us  
will use nor disclose the other's c onfidential information for three  years after we receive it. The three -
year  
time period does not apply if applicable law requires a longer period.  c.  
5. General rights, obligations  and miscellaneous .  
a. Law that applies; jurisdiction and venue. The laws of the State of Florida  govern this  
agreement. If federal jurisdiction exists, we each consent to exclusiv<*$p$*>Non -solicitation - Clients. Each party expressly agrees to non -solicitation of business services with each other’s existing customers. As part of subsequent agreements between Partner and BCG to engage in joint customer business, Partner agrees to solicit business services from any of BCG’s customers where BCG has engaged Partner on any such customer work orders and where BCG has introduced Partner to such customer(s). Conversely, BCG agrees not to solicit business services from any of Partner’s customers where Partner has engaged BCG on any such customer work orders and where Partner has int roduced BCG to such customer(s).<*$p$*>Conversely, BCG 
agrees not to solicit business services from any of Partner’s  customers where Partner  has 
engaged BCG on any such customer work orders and where Partner  has int roduced BCG to 
such customer(s).  
c. Non -solicitation - Employees.  During the term of the agreement and for a period of twelve (12) 
months thereafter, each party  agrees not to solicit or recruit any employee of each other without the 
prior written consent of that party.  Both BCG and Partner hereby agree that it will not solicit for hire, 
in any capacity whatsoever, any of each other’s employees, contractors or ot her such affiliated 
resources without prior written consent from the other party.  
d. Compliance with law. Parties will comply with all laws regarding confidential information.  
e. Waiver. Any delay or failure of either of us to exercise a right or remedy will not result in a waiver of  
that, or any other, right or remedy.  
f. Money damages insufficient . Each of us acknowledges that money damages may not be sufficient  
compensation for a breach  of th is agreement . Each of us agrees that the other may seek court orders  
to stop confidential information from becoming public in breach of this agreement.  
g. Attorneys' fees. In any dispute relating to this agreement the prevailing party will be entitled  to  
recover reasonable attorneys' fees and costs.  
h. Transfers of this agreement. If one of us transfers this agreement, we will not disclose the other's  
confidential information to the transferee without the other's consent .  
i. Enforceabil ity<*$p$*>Entire agreement. This agreem ent does not grant any implied intellectual property licenses to confidential information, except as stated above. We may have contracts with each other covering other specific aspects of our relationship ("other contracts"). The other contract may inclu de commitments about confidential information, either within it or by referencing another non -disclosure agreement. If so, those obligations are replaced by this agreement in place for purposes of that other contract. With this exception, this is the entire agreement between u s regarding confidential information. It replaces all other agreements and understandings regarding c onfidential information. We can only change this agreement with a signed document that states that it is changing this agreement.<*$p$*>ent between u s regarding confidential information. It replaces all other agreements and  
understandings regarding c onfidential information. We can  only change this agreement with a signed  
document that states that it is changing this agreement.  