CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON- DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
THIS CONFIDENTIALITY AND NO N-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT (this 
“Agreement”) is made and entered into as of this ____ day of    , 2019, by and 
b e t w e e n        ,  a         
(the “Receiving Party”), and Soneet Kapila of KapilaMukamal, LLP , as assignee (the 
“Assignee”) for the benefit of cred itors of the Assignors (the “Discl osing Party”).  The Receiving 
Party and the Disclosing Party are sometimes referred to below individually as a “Party” and 
collectively as the “Parties”.  Capitalized terms no t otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have 
the same meaning ascribed to such terms in the Recitals below.  
RECITALS  
WHEREAS, on March 14, 2019, Laser Spine Ins titute, LLC, a Florida limited liability 
company, and the affiliated companie s listed on Exhibit A attached to  this Agreement (collectively, 
the “Assignors”) assigned and conveyed all of thei r assets (the “Assigned A ssets”) to the Assignee; 
WHEREAS, on March 14, 2019, the Assignee f iled a Petition Commencing Assignment 
for Benefit of Creditors in the Circuit Court of the Thirteenth Judicial Circuit in and for Hillsborough County, Florida Civil Division, styled In re: Laser Spine Institute, LLC, Assignor, to 
Soneet Kapila, Assignee , Case No. 2019-CA-2762, Division L; 
WHEREAS, the Receiving Party has requested that the Disclosing Party provide to the 
Receiving Party certain Confidential Information and Confidential Materials (as such terms are 
defined below) for the Receiving Party to review in order to evaluate a potential business 
opportunity between the Receiving Party and the Di sclosing Party, including to prepare a proposal 
with respect to a potential sale involving the A ssigned Assets (the “Pos sible Transaction”); 
WHEREAS, as a condition to furnishing the C onfidential Information and the Confidential 
Materials to the Receiving Party and in order to  protect the Confidenti al Information and the 
Confidential Materials, the Disclosing Party has required the Receiving Party to enter into this 
Agreement and abide by its terms; and 
WHEREAS, the Receiving Party,  as a condition to receiving the Confidential Information 
and the Confidential Materials, has agreed to ente r into this Agreement and agrees to keep such 
Confidential Information and Confidential Materials confidential in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement. 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and in 
consideration for the furnishing by the Disclosing  Party of the Confidential Information and the 
Confidential Materials to the Receiving Party, an d for other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowle dged, the Parties, with the intent to be legally 
bound, agree as follows: 
1. Defined Terms . 
(a) “Confidential Information” shall in clude all information pertaining to the 
Assignors and their respective affilia tes, employees, salespersons, independent contractors, agents, 
 
 2 
 officers, directors, customers, suppliers, ve ndors, manufacturers, di stributors, dealers, 
predecessors, successors and assigns disclosed by the Disclosing Party (or by a third party at the 
direction of the Disclosing Party) to the Receiv ing Party, regardless of the form or manner of 
disclosure (including, but not limited to, info rmation learned by the Receiving Party from the 
Disclosing Party’s employees, agents, officers, directors, professional  advisors or other 
representatives or thro ugh inspection of the A ssigned Assets or the books and records of the 
Assignors), and including, but not li mited to: (i) information that re lates to the Assignors’ trade 
secrets, products, services, produc t specifications, data, inventions , ideas, techni ques, know-how, 
past, current and planned research  and development, current and planned methods and processes, 
client lists, current and anticipated client, service provider and consultant re quirements, price lists, 
market studies, business strategy and plans, business opportunities, computer hardware, software 
and programs (including object codes and source codes), comput er database technologies and 
systems, and distribution, marketing, financial,  merchandising, customer, sales and/or salary 
information; (ii) all information concerning the Assignors’ business a nd affairs, operations, 
finances, assets, liabilities, for ecasts, historical fina ncial statements, financial projections and 
budgets, historical and projected sales, capital spending, budgets, st rategic plans, marketing and 
advertising plans, publications, agreements, the names and backgr ounds of clients and consultants 
and other service providers, key personnel, personnel training, and techniques and materials; (iii) 
third party confidential information in the custody or care of the Disclosing Party to the extent the same is subject to a duty of confidentiality to su ch third party; (iv) all offering documents and 
materials (including of fering memoranda, supplements theret o and similar documents); (v) all 
notes, analyses, compilations, statistics, studies, summaries, interpretations, and other material 
prepared by or for the Receiving Party which cont ain, are based on, or otherw ise reflect, in whole 
or in part, any of the foregoing; and (vi) the ex istence and terms and conditions of this Agreement 
and the existence and content of the discussions between the Disclosing Party and the Receiving Party regarding a Possible Transaction.  Inform ation disclosed by the Di sclosing Party to the 
Receiving Party need not be identified as “confiden tial” to be deemed “Con fidential Information” 
pursuant to this Agreement. 
(b) “Confidential Materials” shall mean  all materials cont aining Confidential 
Information, including, without limitation, all writings  and recordings, including the originals and 
all non-identical copies, whether different from the original by reason of  any notation made on 
such copies or otherwise (inc luding, without limitation, e-mails and attachments, correspondence, 
memoranda, notes, diaries, minutes, statistics, statements, tags, labe ls, invoices, brochures, 
periodicals, telegrams, receipts,  returns, summaries, pamphlets,  books, inter-office and intra-office 
communications, offers, notations of any sort of  conversations, working papers, applications, 
permits, file wrappers, indices, telephone calls, meetings or printouts, teletypes, telefaxes, 
invoices, work sheets, and all dr afts, alterations, modifications, changes and amendments of any 
of the foregoing), and graphic or aural repres entations of any kind (including, without limitation, 
photographs, charts, microfiche, microfilm, vide o tape, recordings, motion pictures, plans, 
drawings, and surveys), and all materials within  the full scope of FED. R.CIV.P. 34 including, but 
not limited to, all electronic, mechanical, magnetic, or optical records or representations of any 
kind (including, without limitation, computer f iles and programs, tapes, cassettes, discs, 
recordings), metadata, and information stored on a computer, laptop, hand-held computer device, 
disk, CD, DVD, and any mechanical record ing or production of a ny oral material.  
 
 
 3 
 2. Trade Secrets .  All trade secrets of the Assignors also shall be  entitled to all of the 
protections and benefits of the Florida Uniform Trade Secrets Act (the “Trade Secrets Act”) and 
any other applicable laws.  If any information that the Disclosing Party deems to be a trade secret 
of the Assignors is found by a court of competent ju risdiction not to be a tr ade secret, then such 
information nevertheless shall be considered Confidential Information for purposes of this 
Agreement.  In the case of trade secrets, the Receiving Party waives any requirement that the 
Disclosing Party submit proof of the economic valu e of any trade secret or post a bond or other 
security.  Additionally, the R eceiving Party acknowledges that nothing in this Agreement 
(including Section 17 below) shall place a time lim itation on the period of protection of such trade 
secret, it being agreed that th e trade secrets of the Assignors shall enjoy perpetual protection 
against unauthorized disclosure or use, subject onl y to the provisions of the Trade Secrets Act and 
other applicable laws.  
3. Limitations .  The term “Confidential Informati on” shall not incl ude such portions 
of the Confidential Information th at: (i) are already published or av ailable to the publ ic other than 
as a result of disclosure by th e Receiving Party or any of its employees, officers, directors, 
members, managers, affiliates, agents, attorneys, accountants or other representatives or advisors 
(collectively, the “Representatives”); (ii) b ecome available to the Receiving Party on a non-
confidential basis from a source (other than the Disclosing Party or one of  the Disclosing Party’s 
employees, officers, directors, members, managers , affiliates, agents, attorneys, accountants or 
other representatives or advisors) that is not  prohibited from disclosing such Confidential 
Information to the Receiving Party by a legal, cont ractual, or fiduciary obligation to the Disclosing 
Party or the Assignors; (iii) can be shown by written documen tation to have been independently 
developed by the Receiving Party without use of or reliance upon any Confidential Information or 
Confidential Materials of the Disclosing Party; a nd/or (iv) was demonstrably within the actual 
possession of the Receiving Party or its Representativ es prior to it being furnished by or on behalf 
of the Disclosing Party pursuant to this Agreement. 
4. Property of the Disclosing Party .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in this Agreement, all of the Confid ential Information and the Confidential Materials 
are and shall remain the propert y of the Disclosing Party.  By  disclosing information to the 
Receiving Party, the Disclosing Party does not grant any express or implied right or interest in the 
patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secret information, or in tellectual property rights of the 
Assignors.  The Disclosing Party reserves the right to limit the Receiving Party’ s access to the 
premises, facilities, equipment, customers, vendor s, data and other materials, information and 
personnel of the Assignors (including, without  limitation, as provided in Section 9 below).  
5. Non-Disclosure .  The Receiving Party: (i) shall treat the Confidential Information 
and the Confidential Materials as confidential in accordance with the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement; (ii) shall not use or disclose to any person the Confidentia l Information or the 
Confidential Materials for any purpose other than  in connection with the consideration of a 
Possible Transaction, subject in al l cases to the provisions of this  Agreement; (iii) shall not copy 
or reproduce any of the Confidential Information or the Confidential Materials without the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party; (iv) shall reveal the Confidential Information and the 
Confidential Materials only to its Representative s who need to know the Confidential Information 
and the Confidential Materials in connection with a Possible  Transaction, and who (A) are 
informed by the Receiving Party of the confiden tial and proprietary natu re of the Confidential 
 
 4 
 Information and the Confidential Materials, and (B) before receiving the Confidential Information 
or the Confidential Materials, agree to maintain their confidentiality in accordance with the terms 
and conditions of this Agreement; (v) except as provided in Section 7 below, shall not, without the 
Disclosing Party’s prior written consent, disclose (A) to a ny other person, other than its 
Representatives, the fact that th e Confidential Information or the Confidential Materials have been 
made available to the Receiving Party, (B) that  discussions or negotiations are taking place 
concerning a Possible Transaction, or (C) any of the terms, conditi ons, or other facts with respect 
thereto; (vi) shall take all reasonable precautions necessary to safeguard the Confidential Information and the Confidential Materials from disc losure to any person or entity other than its 
Representatives, including taking reasonable security precautions  at least as great as the 
precautions the Receiving Party takes to protect its own confidential information; and (vii) 
segregate all Confidential Information and C onfidential Materials from the confidential 
information or confidential materials of others.  At the request of the Disclosing Party, the 
Receiving Party shall require its Repr esentatives to sign a copy of th is Agreement.  Regardless of 
whether the Receiving Party’s Representatives sign a copy of this Agreement, the Receiving Party 
shall be responsible for any breach of this Agreem ent by its Representatives.  The Receiving Party 
shall notify the Disclosing Party promptly upon discovery of any unauthorized use or disclosure 
of the Confidential Information or the Confidential Materials, or any other breach of this 
Agreement by the Receiving Party or any of its Repr esentatives, and shall fu lly cooperate with the 
Disclosing Party to help the Disclosing Party rega in possession of the Confidential Information or 
the Confidential Materials and prevent the unauthori zed use of the Confidential Information or the 
Confidential Materials. 
6. Return of Confidential Inform ation and Confidential Materials .  The 
Receiving Party shall keep a written record of th e Confidential Information and the Confidential 
Materials furnished to it and the location of such Confidential Information and Confidential Materials.  At any time, at the Disclosing Party’s request, all copies of th e Confidential Information 
and the Confidential Materials shall be returned to the Disclosing Party within five (5) business 
days of such request; provided, however, that the R eceiving Party shall be permitted to retain a list 
that contains general descriptions of the docum ents it has returned to the Disclosing Party to 
facilitate the resolution of any controversies after the Confidential Information and the Confidential Materials have been returned.  To the extent that the Receiving Party utilizes any 
portion of the Confidential Information or the C onfidential Materials to prepare its own analyses, 
compilations, studies, data, notes, interpretations or other documents (the “Notes”), at any time, at 
the Disclosing Party’s request, the Receiving Party shall destroy the Notes and promptly thereafter 
provide the Disclosing Party with  written certification of their destruction.  The Receiving Party 
shall also, within ten (10) days of a written re quest by the Disclosing Part y, certify in writing that 
it has satisfied its obligations unde r this Section 6 or explain w hy the Receiving Party has been 
unable to do so.  All Confidential Information a nd Confidential Materials shall continue to be 
subject to the terms of this Agreement even after their return or destruction or the termination of 
this Agreement. 
 7. Legal Compulsion to Disclose Confid ential Information or Confidential 
Materials .  In the event that the Rece iving Party is issued any subpoe na or other process requesting 
any of the Confidential Information or the Confidential Materials, the Receiving Party agrees that it will immediately furnish a copy of such subpoena  or other process, via overnight delivery, to 
counsel to the Assignee, Edward J. Peterson, Esq. and Matthew B. Hale, Esq. of Stichter, Riedel, 
 
 5 
 Blain & Postler, P.A., 110 East Madison Street , Suite 200, Tampa, Florida 33602, and to the 
Disclosing Party at the address set forth on Exhibit B attached to this  Agreement.  In the event that 
the Receiving Party is requested or becomes legally compelled (by deposition, interrogatory, 
request for documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar process) to disclose any of 
the Confidential Information or the Confidential Ma terials, then the Receiving Party shall provide 
the Disclosing Party with prompt written notice of such request or re quirement so that the 
Disclosing Party may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy and/or waive compliance 
with the terms of this Agreement.  In the event that such protective order or other remedy is not 
obtained, or that the Disclosing Pa rty waives compliance with the provisions hereof, the Receiving 
Party agrees to furnish only that portion of the Confidential Information or the Confidential 
Materials which the Receiving Party determines in  its reasonable discretion is required to be 
disclosed and the Receiving Party shall exercise reasonable efforts to obtain reliable assurance 
from the person to whom it furnishes the Confiden tial Information or the Confidential Materials 
that confidential treatment will  be accorded to such Confiden tial Information or Confidential 
Materials.  The Receiving Party also agrees that it will, to the extent authorized by law, reasonably 
cooperate with the Disclosing Party in opposing th e production of the Confidential Information or 
the Confidential Materials; provide d, however, in the event the Receiv ing Party incurs any cost or 
expense in providing such cooperation, the Disc losing Party shall pr omptly reimburse the 
Receiving Party for any such cost or expense upon the Receiving Party’s tendering of a receipt therefor.  If an opinion of inde pendent counsel is required prior to compliance with a subpoena or 
court order, the Disclosing Party agrees to reimbur se the Receiving Party for the associated costs. 
8. Attorney-Client Privilege .  The Receiving Party agrees that the Disclosing Party 
is not waiving, and shall not be deemed to have waived, its attorney-client  privilege with respect 
to any Confidential Informa tion or Confidential Materials (including, without limitation, 
Confidential Information or Confidential Materials pertaining to pending or threatened litigation) 
which may be disclosed hereunder by the Disclo sing Party and with respect to which the 
Disclosing Party has asserted, or is entitled to assert, its attorney-client privilege.  The Receiving 
Party agrees that the Disclosing Party shall be entitled to require that such Confidential Information or Confidential Materials be disclosed only to certain specified Representatives and to the Receiving Party’s legal counsel and that no further disclosure thereof be made. 
9. HIPAA Compliance .  The Receiving Party agrees that it will not have access to 
any patient care information or records of the A ssignors that are subject to the Health Insurance 
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HI PAA”), absent the execution of a separate 
agreement that addresses HIPAA requirements.  Until the consummation of the Possible 
Transaction, the Receiving Party agrees that it shall not contact or otherwise communicate with 
any patients (past, present, or future) of the Assignor s without obtaining the prior written consent 
of the Disclosing Party and allowing one or more  Representatives of the Disclosing Party to be 
present at the time of any meetings with any such patients.  To the extent confidential patient or 
other information protected by HIPAA is inadve rtently disclosed to the Receiving Party, the 
Receiving Party shall hold such information in strictest confidenc<*$p$*>10. Remedies. The Receiving Party shall only be liable for direct, proven damages, losses, or liabilities that demonstrably arise out of the Receiving Party’s intentional unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information. Attorney's fees and costs are capped at $5,000. If Confidential Information is disclosed inadvertently despite reasonable precautions, the Receiving Party's sole obligation will be to notify the Disclosing Party and make reasonable efforts to recover the information. Specific performance and injunctive relief will not be available to the Disclosing Party, with monetary damages being the exclusive remedy.<*$p$*>ition to all other remedies, the Disclosing 
Party shall be entitled to specifi c performance and injunctive or ot her equitable relief as a remedy 
for any such breach or threatened breach, and th e Receiving Party and its Representatives waive 
any requirement for the securing or posting of any bond in connection with such remedy. 
11. No Representations or Warranties .  The Receiving Party acknowledges and 
agrees that neither the Disclosi ng Party nor any of its employees, officers, directors, members, 
managers, affiliates, agents, attorneys, accountants  or other representatives or advisors (i) has 
made or will make any representation or warrant y, expressed or implied, as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the Confidential Information or th e Confidential Materials or the relevance of the 
Confidential Information or the Confidential Mate rials to the Receiving Party’s determination 
whether to enter into a Possible Transaction or the terms on which the Receiving Party might be 
prepared to do so or (ii) shall have any liab ility whatsoever to the Receiving Party or its 
Representatives relating to or resulting from  the use of or reliance upon the Confidential 
Information or the Confidential Mate rials or any errors therein or omissions therefrom, other than 
as may be set forth in a definitive agreement (a  “Definitive Agreement”) be tween the Parties with 
respect to a Possible Transaction.  Only thos e representations and wa rranties contained in a 
Definitive Agreement between the Parties with re spect to a Possible Transaction shall have any 
legal effect.  The Disclosing Party shall not  be liable to the Receiving Party for amounts 
representing loss of profits, loss of business or indirect, consequential or punitive damages of the Receiving Party in connection with the provision or use of the Confiden tial Information or the 
Confidential Materials. 
12. Transaction Process.   Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that the other 
Party shall have the right to re ject or accept any potential proposal  or offer with respect to a 
Possible Transaction, for any reason whatsoever, in its sole discretion.  Furthermore, neither the 
discussions between the Parties concerning a Possible Transacti on nor the disclosure of the 
Confidential Information or the Confidential Materi als hereunder shall be in terpreted or construed 
to limit or restrict the right of the Disclosing  Party to furnish or disclose the Confidential 
Information or the Confidential Ma terials to others for any purpos e it deems appropriate, including, 
but not limited to, the pursuit or consideration of  a possible transaction wi th such other person or 
entity.  The Parties further agree that unless an d until a Definitive Agreement between the Parties 
with respect to a Possible Transaction has been executed and delivered, ne ither Party will be under 
any legal obligation of any kind wh atsoever with respect to such Possible Transaction (including, 
without limitation, any obligation to negotiate in  good faith toward a binding contract) by reason 
of this Agreement, the transmission of any Confidential Information or Confidential Materials, any written or oral expression with  respect to a Possible Transaction or for any other reason.  Each 
Party reserves the right at any time to termin ate its consideration of a Possible Transaction. 
 
 7 
 13. Governing Law and Venue .  The internal laws of th e State of Florida, without 
regard to principles of  conflicts of laws, sha ll govern the validity and interpretation of this 
Agreement, and the performance by the Parties of their respective duties and obligations hereunder.  The Parties irrevocably and uncond itionally consent to submit to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Florida and of the Un ited States of America located in the 
State of Florida, County of Hillsborough, for any ac tions, suits or proceedings arising out of or 
related to this Agreement.  The Parties shall not commence any action, suit or proceeding relating 
to this Agreement except in such courts.  The Part ies agree that they may be served with proces<*$p$*>14. Notice and Service of Process. All notices and communications must be exclusively delivered via certified mail with return receipt requested. Service of process shall be governed by the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure. Electronic mail and facsimile transmissions are explicitly disallowed for formal notifications under this agreement. For routine inquiries regarding the Possible Transaction or requests for Confidential Information, the Receiving Party may contact the general inquiries email address provided on the Disclosing Party's website.<*$p$*>iving Party acknowledges and agrees that all 
(a) requests for Confidential Information or Conf idential Materials, (b) communications regarding 
the Possible Transaction, (c) requests for facility  tours or meetings, and (d) discussions or 
questions regarding procedures, shall be submitted or  directed to Soneet Kapila of the Disclosing 
Party, unless otherwise directed  in writing by Soneet Kapila. 
15. Entire Agreement .  This Agreement constitute s the complete and exclusive 
statement of the terms and conditions between the Parties covering the subject matter hereof, 
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings concerning such  subject matter, whether oral 
or written, and cannot be amended except by a wr itten agreement execut ed by an authorized 
representative of each Party.  
16. Waiver of Breach .  No waiver of any pr ovision of this Agreem ent shall be valid or 
binding unless the same is waived in writing by the Party against whom such wa iver is to be enforced. 
No valid waiver of any provision of  this Agreement at any time shall be deemed a waive<*$p$*>17. Term. This Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) the execution of a Definitive Agreement concerning the Possible Transaction, or (ii) one (1) year from the Effective Date of this Agreement. Following termination, there shall be no further obligations of either party, except that the Receiving Party shall safeguard any remaining tangible Confidential Information for a period of 90 days, after which all such Confidential Information shall be securely destroyed and certification of destruction provided to the Disclosing Party. The survival clause related to confidentiality of information no longer applies, except trade secrets.<*$p$*>ccur of: (i) the consummation of a Possi ble Transaction pursuant to a 
 
 8 
 Definitive Agreement, and (ii) two (2) years fr om the date that the Parties terminate their 
discussions and consideration of a Possible Transaction; provide d, however, that all Confidential 
Information and Confidential Material s shall continue to be subject to the terms of this Agreement 
after the termination of this Agreement. 
 18. Severability .  If any provision of this Agreem ent, or the application of any 
provision of this Agreement to any person or circumstance, is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, or inconsistent with any present or future law, ruling, rule, policy or regulation of 
any court or governmental or re gulatory authority ha ving jurisdiction ove r the subject matter 
hereof, then the validity, legality , and enforceability of the remain ing provisions of this Agreement 
shall not in any way be affected  or impaired thereby and such pr ovision shall be deemed to be 
rescinded or modified in accordance with such law, ruling, rule, policy or regulation, and the 
remainder of this Agreement, and the applicatio n of such provision to persons or circumstances 
other than those to which it shall be held inconsistent, shall not be affected thereby. 
19. Binding Nature; Assignment .  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to 
the benefit of the Parties and their respec tive successors, permitted assigns and legal 
representatives.  Neither this Agreement, nor any right hereunder, may be a ssigned by either Party 
without the prior written c onsent of the other Party. 
20. Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed by the Parties in sep<*$p$*>21. Publicity. Neither party shall make any announcement regarding this agreement without prior written consent of the other, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. However, the Receiving Party is authorized to disclose the existence of this Agreement and the general nature of the Possible Transaction to its legal counsel, financial advisors, and potential financing sources without obtaining prior approval, provided that they are bound by similar confidentiality obligations.<*$p$*>arty will not use or permit the use of the 
Disclosing Party’s or any Assi gnor’s name, logos, trademarks or  other identifying data, or 
otherwise discuss or make reference to the Disclo sing Party or the Assignors, in any notices to 
third parties, any promotional or marketing mate rial or in any press release or other public 
announcement or advertisement, however charac terized, without the Di sclosing Party’s prior 
written consent. 
22. Drafting .  No provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted for or against either 
Party on the basis that such Party was the dr aftsman of such provision, both Parties having 
participated equally in the dr afting hereof, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise 
favoring or disfavoring a ny Party by virtue of the authorship  of any of the provisions of this 
Agreement. 
  
  
 
 9 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have exec uted this Agreement as of the day and 
year first above written.   
“RECEIVING PARTY” 
 
        
  B y :        
N a m e :        
Title       
   
“DISCLOSING PARTY” 
 
         
Soneet Kapila, as Assi gnee in the Assignment 
for the Benefit of Creditor Proceedings of the Assignors listed on Exhibit A attached to this 
Agreement  
   
EXHIBIT A 
 
  
Case No.   Assignor 
  
2019-CA-2764 CLM Aviation, LLC 2019-CA-2765 LSI HoldCo, LLC 2019-CA-2766 LSI Management Company, LLC 2019-CA-2767 Laser Spine Surgery Center of Arizona, LLC 2019-CA-2768 Laser Spine Surgery Center of Cincinnati, LLC 
2019-CA-2769 Laser Spine Surgery Center of Cleveland, LLC 
2019-CA-2770 Laser Spine Surgical Center, LLC 2019-CA-2771 Laser Spine Surgery Ce nter of Pennsylvania, LLC 
2019-CA-2772 Laser Spine Surgery Center of St. Louis, LLC 
2019-CA-2773 Laser Spine Surgery Center of Warwick, LLC 2019-CA-2774 Medical Care Ma nagement Services, LLC 
2019-CA-2775 Spine DME Solutions, LLC 2019-CA-2776 Total Spine Care, LLC 2019-CA-2777 Laser Spine Institute Consulting, LLC 2019-CA-2780 Laser Spine Surgery Center of Oklahoma, LLC 
   
 
 
 
 
EXHIBIT B 
 
 FOR THE RECEIVING PARTY:  
      
      
      
 Telephone No:    
Facsimile No.:    
Email:     
 
Notices sent to the Receiving Party under th is Agreement to be sent with a copy to:  
 
      
      
      
 Telephone No:    
Facsimile No.:    
Email:     
  FOR THE DISCLOSING PARTY: 
 
Soneet Kapila, Assignee 
KapilaMukamal, LLP 1000 South Federal Highway, Suite 200 Fort Lauderdale, Florida  33316 
 
Telephone No:  954/712-3201 Facsimile No.: 954/761-1033 Email:  
 skapila@kapilamukamal.com  
 
Notices sent to the Disclosing Party under th is Agreement to be sent with a copy to:  
 
Edward J. Peterson, Esq. Matthew B. Hale, Esq. Stichter, Riedel, Blain & Postler, P.A. 110 East Madison Street, Suite 200 Tampa, Florida 33602  Telephone No.: 813/229-0144 
Facsimile No.:  813/229-1811 
Email: epeterson@srbp.com ; mhale@srbp.com  