MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
   
 This Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made and entered into, as of May 8th, 2018 (“Effective Date”), by                    
 and between FullStory, Inc., having a principal place of business at 120 Ottley Dr NE, Ste 100, Atlanta, GA 30324 and                      
 ____________, having <*$p$*>1. "Confidential Information" ​ means information that relates to the Purpose (as defined below). Confidential Information may be disclosed in written or other tangible form (including on electronic media) or by oral, visual or other means. Confidential Information includes only data explicitly marked as confidential and delivered in tangible form. "Affiliate" ​ means any person or entity directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with a party.<*$p$*> information of a similar nature, and any other trade secrets or non-public business information belonging or                   
 pertaining to either of the parties. "Affiliate" ​ means any person or entity directly or <*$p$*>2. Recipient will not use any Confidential Information except to the extent necessary for the internal purpose of discussing, analyzing, and exchanging information about each party’s products, services and other offerings to determine whether the parties may enter into a mutually beneficial business relationship (“Purpose”). Recipient may disseminate or disclose any Confidential Information to any person, firm, business or governmental agency or department, with the prior written consent of Discloser, which will not be unreasonably withheld. Recipient will treat all of Discloser’s Confidential Information with the same degree of care as Recipient treats its own Confidential Information, but not less than reasonable care. Recipient will disclose Discloser’s Confidential Information only to those of Recipient’s employees, consultants, and contractors who have a “need to know” the information to assist Recipient with respect to the Purpose and who are legally bound by terms and conditions substantially similar to those terms and conditions applicable to Recipient under this Agreement. Neither party is obligated under this Agreement to purchase from or provide to the other party any service or product. Recipient agrees not to copy or reverse engineer, or attempt to derive the composition or underlying information, structure or ideas of any Confidential Information. No licenses or rights under any patent, copyright, trademark, or trade secret are granted or are to be implied by this Agreement; Recipient does not acquire any right in or to the Confidential Information except the limited right to use it for the Purpose.<*$p$*>ture or ideas of any Confidential Information. No                   
 licenses or rights under any patent, copyright, trademark, or trade secret are granted or are to be implied by this Agreement;                      
 Recipie<*$p$*>3. Recipient’s obligations under Section 2 will not apply to any of Discloser’s Confidential Information that Recipient can document: (a) was in the public domain at or subsequent to the time the Confidential Information was communicated to Recipient by Discloser through no fault of Recipient; (b) was rightfully in Recipient’s possession free of any obligation of confidence at or subsequent to the time the Confidential Information was communicated to Recipient by the Discloser; (c) was developed by employees or agents of Recipient independently of and without reference to any of Discloser’s Confidential Information; or (d) was communicated by Discloser to an unaffiliated third party free of any obligation of confidence. A disclosure by Recipient of any of Discloser’s Confidential Information (a) in response to a valid order by a court or other governmental body; (b) as otherwise required by law; or (c) necessary to establish the rights of either party under this Agreement will be considered a breach of this Agreement by the Recipient; provided, however, that Recipient provides prompt prior written notice to the Discloser to enable Discloser to seek a protective order or otherwise prevent the disclosure.<*$p$*>ty under this Agreement                      
 will not be considered to be a breach of this Agreement by the Recipient; provided, however, that Recipient provides prompt                     
 prior written notice to the Discloser to enable Discloser to seek a protective order or otherwise prevent the disclosure.  
 4. Neither party will communicate any information to the other in violation of the proprietary rights of any third party. ALL                      
 CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION IS PROVIDED “AS IS,” AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR              
 IMPLIED, INCLUDING FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, AND NONINFRINGEMENT, ARE            
 HEREBY DISCLAIMED. Discloser will have no liability or responsibility for reasonably unknown errors or omissions in, or any                   
 decisions made by Recipient in reliance on, any Confidential Information disclosed hereunder.  
 5. Recipie<*$p$*>6. This Agreement will become effective as of the Effective Date and will continue until the date one party receives written notice of termination of this Agreement from the other party; provided, however, that a Recipient’s obligations under Section 2 will NOT survive termination of this Agreement and will continue with respect to the Discloser’s Confidential Information until the obligations no longer apply pursuant to Section 3 above.<*$p$*>n of this Agreement from the other party; provided, however, that a Recipient’s obligations under Section 2 will                    
 survive termination of this Agreement and will continue with respect to the Discloser’s Confidential Information until the                  
 obligations no longer apply pursuant to Section 3 above.  
 7. All Confidential Information disclosed under this Agreement will be and will remain the property of the Discloser; all such                     
 information in tangible form will be returned to Discloser promptly upon written request or upon the termination or expiration                    
 of this Agreement, and will not thereafter be retained in any form by Recipient or its Affiliates or any of their employees. Except                        
 upon mutual written agreement or as may be required by law, neither party will disclose to others the existence or terms of this                        
 Agreement, the discussions that gave rise to this Agreement or the fact that there have been, or will be, discussions or                      
 negotiations covered by this Agreement.  
 8. The parties acknowledge that the Confidential Information is unique and valuable and a breach by Recipient of this                    
 Agreement will cause irreparable and continuing damage to Discloser for which money damages are insufficient. In the event of                    
 a breach or threatened breach of the obligations under this Agreement, Discloser will be entitled to: (1) seek specific performance                     
 and injunctive or other equitable relief without the necessity of posting a bond, and (ii) indemnification from any loss or harm,                      
 including recovery of attorney’s fees, in connection with any breach or <*$p$*>9. Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement will be in writing and will be delivered as follows, with notice deemed given as indicated: (a) by personal delivery, when delivered personally; (b) by overnight courier, upon written verification of receipt; or (c) by email, with confirmation email. Notice will be sent to the addresses set forth above or to such other address as either party may provide in writing. Further more, by verbal communication.<*$p$*>ng the unauthorized use                       
 or disclosure of Discloser’s Confidential Information.  
   
 9. Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement will be in writing and will be delivered as follows, with notice deemed                       
 given as indicated: (a) by personal delivery, when delivered personally; (b) by overnight courier, upon written verification of                   
 receipt; or (c) by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, upon verification of receipt. Notice will be sent to the                      
 addresses set forth above or to such other address as either party may provide in writing.  
   
 10. This Agreement (a) is the complete agreement of the parties concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior                     
 agreements whether oral or written with respect to disclosures concerning such subject matter; (b) may not be amended or                    
 modified except by in a writing signed by authorized representatives of both parties; and (c) will be governed and construed in                      
 accordance with the laws of Delaware without regard to conflict of laws provisions. Each of the parties irrevocably consents to                     
 the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in New Castle County, Delaware as applicable, for any                     
 matter arising out of or relating to this Agreement, except that in actions seeking to enforce any order or any judgment of the                        
 federal or state courts located in New Castle County, Delaware such personal jurisdiction will be non-exclusive. Additionally,                  
 notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, a claim for equitable relief arising out of or related to this Agreement                      
 may be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction. Neither party may assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder,                     
 except to an Affiliate, without the prior written consent of the other party. No failure or delay in exercising or any partial exercise                        
 of any right, power or privilege hereunder will operate as a waiver thereof. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be                        
 unenforceable, the remainder will be enforced as fully as possible and the unenforceable provision will be deemed modified to                    
 the limited extent required to permit its enforcement in a manner most closely representing the intention of the parties as                     
 expressed herein.  
   
 The parties agree and are signing this Agreement as of the Effective Date.  
   
 FULLSTORY, INC.  
   
   
 By:   
  
   
 Name:   
  
   
 Title:   
    
 _________________  
   
   
 By:   
  
   
 Name:   
  
   
 Title:   
  
   
  