Molybdenum Consortium, First Amendment Jan 2008 
 
NON-DISCLOSURE AND NON-USE AGREEMENT  (First Amendment, January 2008) 
 
This Non-Disclosure and Non-Us e Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made and entered into by 
and among 
THE UNDERSIGNED I NDIVIDUAL COMPANIES (each of them being referred to as 
“Receiving Party”).  
 WHEREAS the Receiving Party intends to beco me party to the REACH Consortium Agreement 
of 1 January 2007 (the “Consortium Agreement”); 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the provisions of the C onsortium Agreement, the Receiving Party will 
be provided with Materials for registration under Regulation of the European Parliament and of 
the Council concerning the Regist ration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals 
(“REACH”); 
WHEREAS, Section 14
 of the Consortium Agreement requires the signature by each Member of 
the Consortium of the present Non-Di sclosure and Non-Use Agreement;   
NOW, THEREFORE, for and in cons ideration of the premises and covenants herein contained, it 
is agreed as follows: 
  
1. Definitions
 
 
For the purpose of the present Agreement, “Mater ial” is defined as any data, test, study or any 
information in support of the Registration under REACH made available to the Consortium or 
generated or determined or used in any way by the Consortium to comply with the requirements of REACH and provided to the Re ceiving Party for the purpose of  registration under REACH.  
This Material shall include, without limitation:   (i) Data and/or Studies acquired, licensed, 
developed or contracted or obligat ed for by the Consortium pursuant to Section 10
 of the 
Consortium Agreement; (ii) Registration Dossi er - technical dossier  comprising studies, 
including test results; study su mmaries; proposals for testing; classification and labelling; 
guidance on safe use; plus a chemical safety repo rt; and (iii)  draft Registration Dossier, interim 
and working documents related to the prepar ation of the Registra tion Dossier, know-how, 
technical information, researches , methods, practices, procedures, processes, formulas and more 
generally any information with resp ect to substances that is made available, in written or oral 
form, to the Receiving Party by the Consortium  and/or the Consortium Members.  Unless 
defined herein, the definitions in this Agreemen t shall be the same as those set forth in the 
Consortium Agreement.   
Page 1 of 5 
LND99 448148-1.049002.0010   
Molybdenum Consortium, First Amendment Jan 2008 
2. Non-disclosure and Restriction on Use  
 
The Receiving Party agrees to retain the Material in confidence a nd not to use the Material for 
any purpose other than in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and of the Consortium Agreement.   In Particular, the Receiving Party undertakes  (in addition and wit hout prejudice to any 
commitments under the Consortium Agreement), that:  a. the Receiving Party shall not disclose the Material to any Third Party except with the 
Steering Committee’s prior written consent an d provided that no othe r legal disclosure 
requirement applies; 
 b. the Material shall neither be  copied, nor otherwise reproduced  nor duplicated in whole or 
in part where such copying, reproduction or  duplication have not been specifically 
authorized by the Consortium Agreement or  otherwise approved in writing by the 
Steering Committee; 
 The Receiving Party acknowledges that the covena nts of non-discl<*$p$*>The Receiving Party shall take commercially reasonable measures to protect the secrecy of and avoid disclosure or improper use of the Material, to prevent the material from falling into the public domain, and to protect it from falling into the possession of Third Parties. Such measures include, but shall not be limited to, the degree of care that the Receiving Party utilises to protect its own confidential information.<*$p$*>gree of care that the Receiving Party utilises to 
protect its own confidential information. In the ev ent of loss or theft of any documents, items of 
work in progress, or any work products embodying Material, the Consortium Secretariat must be notified immediately by the Receiving Party, who shall cooperate fully in remedying same.  
3. Permitted Disclosure of Material
 
 
a. The Receiving Party shall solely disclose th e Material to its affiliates, employees and 
persons in the Receiving Party’s organizati on who (i) have responsibility for or are 
directly concerned with the purposes of this Agreement and of the Consortium 
Agreement; (ii) are subject to non-disclosu re or confidentiality obligations to the 
Receiving Party (the Material constituting protected information for purposes of such obligations); and (iii) have been informed and are fully aware of the Receiving Party’s 
obligations under this agreement and under the Consortium Agreement. 
 b.  The Receiving Party may provide its customers with (i) Safety Data Sheets as defined in 
Article 31 of REACH, (ii) re levant exposure scenarios, or  (iii) other available and 
relevant information about the sub<*$p$*>The Receiving Party may disclose the Material if and to the extent that such disclosure is recommended by legal counsel or requested by court order, provided that the Receiving Party makes a good faith effort to notify the Disclosing Party. Any disclosure of Data and/or Studies that could result in public disclosure of the Data and/or Studies shall only be permissible after prior informal consultation with, but not necessarily approval from, the Steering Committee or the IMOA Executive Committee.<*$p$*>or Studies shall on ly be permissible after prio r approval from the Steering 
Committee or the IMOA Executive Committee. 
 
d. The Receiving Party and its Affiliates may use the Material for compliance with laws and 
regulations in other non-EU jurisdictions provid ed that the confidentia lity of the Material 
is guaranteed and in compliance with the NDA.   Any disclosure of the Data and/or 
Studies for the purposes of compliance with non-EU regulat ory requirements that could 
result in public disclosure of the Data and/or Studies shall only be  permissible after prior 
approval from the Steering Committee or the IMOA Executive Committee. 
 e. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this  Non-Disclosure Agreem ent shall prevent an 
Individual Member from supplyi ng Data and/or Studies in it s possession or control to a 
Governmental Authority where required to do so by law or regulation and where refusing 
to do so would require the Individual Memb er to violate that law or regulation and 
subject the Individual Member to fines or other sanction by the Governmental Authority.  
 
4. Exceptions to Non-Disclosure
 
 
The Receiving Party  shall not be subject to the obligations  of this Agreement with respect to 
Material which:  a. is or becomes known publicly through no wr ongful act of the Receiving Party; or 
 b. was already known to the Receiving Party at the time of disclosure hereunder as shown by the Receiving Party’s prior written records; or 
 c. is learned by the Receiving Party from a third party under no obligation to the 
Consortium; or 
 d. is independently developed by an employee, ag ent, or consultant of the Receiving Party 
with no knowledge of disclosure hereunder;  
 e. is approved for release by the Consortium Co mmittee in compliance with Article 119 of 
REACH on electronic public access with the decision for submission of a Registration 
Dossier; 
 f. is approved for release by written authoris ation of the Steering Committee or the IMOA 
Executive Committee; or 
 g. is publicly disclosed in accord ance with<*$p$*>This Agreement shall survive until the earlier of (i) such time as the majority of material disclosed hereunder becomes publicly known and readily available, or (ii) ten (10) years from the effective date of this agreement.<*$p$*>ursuant to Section 15  of the Consortium Agreement and 
made generally available without vi olation of this Agreement, or (i i) twelve (12) years from date 
of Registration.  
6. No Licence
 
 
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to gr ant any rights to the Re ceiving Party under any 
patent, copyright or any other intellectual property right, nor shall this Agreement grant the 
Receiving Party any rights in or to the material except as expressly set forth herein and in the 
Consortium Agreement.  
7. Indemnity
 
 
The Receiving Party acknowledges and agrees that any breach of this Agreement would cause 
immediate and irreparable injury to the Consorti um and its Members. Should the Receiving Party 
violate any of the terms and conditions of this  Agreement, the Consortium Members shall be 
entitled, in addition to any other remedies that maybe  available, in law, in equity or otherwise, to 
obtain injunctive relief against the threatened br each of this Agreement or the continuation of 
any such breach, without the nece ssity of proving actual damages. 
 In addition, in case of <*$p$*>A failure or delay by either party in exercising a right hereunder may operate as a waiver thereof at the sole discretion of the other party, and a single or partial exercise thereof may preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right hereunder.<*$p$*>ight hereunder shall operate as a waiver 
thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude  any other or further exercise 
thereof or the exercise of  any other right hereunder. 
 9. Severability
 
 
If any one or more of the provisions of this Ag reement shall for any reason be invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable, such circumstance shall not affect  any other provision of the Agreement and the 
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect and be construe d as if such provision, to the 
extent that it is invalid, ille gal or unenforceable, had never been contained herein or therein. 
10. Governing Law and disputes  
 
This Agreement shall be governed by, and all dis putes arising under or in connection with this 
Agreement shall be resolved in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.  
 
Page 4 of 5 
LND99 448148-1.049002.0010   
Molybdenum Consortium, First Amendment Jan 2008 
11. Amendment  
 
No modifications, change, or waiver of this Ag reement shall be valid unless made in writing and 
signed by authorised representativ es of the Individual Members. 
 
12. Counterparts  
 
This Agreement will be executed in a number of c ounterparts, which shall together constitute a 
single agreement.  Each undersigned Receiving Party shall execute two (2) signature pages, retain one for its file and communicate th e other to the Consortium Secretariat. 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned, by their duly aut horised representative(s), have 
executed and delivered this Agreement.    
COMPANY NAME:   
 
 
 By:   
 
 (Signature)     
 
 (Name)   
TITLE:   
 
 
 
DATE:    
 
 
 
Page 5 of 5 
LND99 448148-1.049002.0010   