Document: ONSNDA.DOC 
Page 1 of 3 Office for National Statistics 
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
 
 
 
This agreement made by and between the Office for National Statistics (hereinafter 
the "ONS") supplier name (hereinafter the "RECIPIENT") of (hereinafter the 
"Supplier”). 
  
WHEREAS, ONS wishes to disclose to the RECIPIENT information relating to 
information on requirement  
 
WHEREAS, the RECIPIENT wishes to receive such Information for the purpose of enabling the RECIPIENT as a supplier to the ONS, to fully comprehend….  The 
reason why supplier needs access to the requirement   
 
 
NOW THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:  
 
1. The RECIPIENT shall in consideration of the disclosure of the Information for 
the purpose specified above hold in confidence and prevent disclosure of 
such  information to any third-party other than the Supplier detailed herein. The  RECIPIENT shall not use the Information except for the permitted 
purpose. 
 
2. The RECIPIENT and Supplier will limit access to the Information to only those 
of its  employees, agents, sub-contractors (and employees of same) who 
have an absolute need to know in order to fulfil the purposes for which the 
Information was disclosed and shall notify such employees, agents, sub-
contractors (and employees of same) of  the RECIP<*$p$*>The RECIPIENT shall have no obligation with respect to such Information if such Information: (a) is in the public domain at the time of disclosure or becomes publicly known through no wrongful act of the RECIPIENT; or Document: ONSNDA.DOC Page 2 of 3 (b) is known to the RECIPIENT at the time of disclosure, even if RECIPIENT cannot prove such fact to ONS's reasonable satisfaction; or (c) is independently developed by the RECIPIENT, provided the RECIPIENT can show that such development was accomplished with reference to or use of the Information: or (d) becomes known to the RECIPIENT from a source other than ONS having the rights to disclose such Information to the RECIPIENT without breach of this Agreement by the RECIPIENT.<*$p$*>e such Information to the RECIPIENT  
  withou<*$p$*>All tangible forms of the Information, such as written documentation, delivered by ONS to the RECIPIENT and all copies thereof made by the RECIPIENT pursuant to this Agreement shall be and remain the property of ONS, unless otherwise agreed in a separate written agreement. While prompt return upon request is generally expected, reasonable delays may be acceptable.<*$p$*>nformation sha<*$p$*>ONS makes no warranty regarding the accuracy of the Information, however ONS is responsible for any direct action incurred or undertaken by the RECIPIENT as a direct result of gross negligence in the preparation of the Information.<*$p$*> as a
 result of the receipt or use of such Information. 
 6. The RECIPIENT acknowledges that all Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) in  and to the Information shall at all times remain vested in ONS.  However, the  RECIPIENT may make as many copies of the Information as are necessary 
 for the permitted purpose. 
 7. The obligation under this Agreement shall continue for an indefinite period 
 from the date of disclosure of Information. In the event of dispute as to the 
 date of actual disclosure the Information, this shall be deemed to have been 
 disclosed on the date this agreement is signed. 
 8. The RECIPIENT agrees to comply fully with all relevant export laws of the 
 United Kingdom to assure that neither the Information nor any direct product 
 thereof are (i) exported, directly or indirectly, in violation of Export Laws; or (ii)  are intended to be used for any purposes prohibited by the Export Laws. 
 
9. This Agreement expresses the entire Agreement and understanding between 
 the parties and supersedes any previous understandings, commitments or 
 agreements, oral  or written, pertaining to the subject matter of this  Agreement. 
 
10. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with 
 English Law. The RECIPIENT hereby agrees to submit itself to the exclusive 
 jurisdiction of the English Courts in the event of any dispute.  
Notwithstanding the date of signature here of, the Effective Date of this Agreement 
shall be  xxxxxxxx 
Document: ONSNDA.DOC 
Page 3 of 3  
 
 
  
Signed for :       Signed for and on behalf of : 
The RECIPIENT     ONS 
  
  
 
Signed......................... ................   Sign ed..................................... 
 
 Title..…………….........................   Title.......................................... 
 
 
Name .................. ..………………   Name....................................... 
  
Date.............................................   Date......................................... 
 