 
  
 
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREE MENT 
 
THIS AGR EEMENT (the "Agreement”) is entered into on this          day of                         by and 
between NPAF.CA (www.npaf.ca) , located at    St. John’s, Newfoundland, Canada ( the” Disclosing 
Party”), and 
                                                       with and address at                                             (the “Recipient” or the 
“Receiving Party”). 
 
The Recipient hereto desires to participate in discussions regarding    
(the  “Transaction”).     During  these  discussions,  Disclosing  Party  may  share  certain  proprietary 
information  with the  Recipient.   Therefore, in  co nsideration  of the  mutual  promises  and  covenants 
contained in this Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of 
which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 
1.           Definition of Confidential Information. 
 
(a)        For purposes of this Agreement, “Confidential Information” means any da ta or 
information that is proprietary to the Disclosing Pa rty and not generally known to the public, whether in 
tangible or intangible form, whene ver and however disclosed, including, but not limited to: (i) any marketing 
strategies, plans, financial information, or projections, operations, sales estimates, business plans and 
performance results relating to the past, present or future business activities of su ch party, its affiliates, 
subsidiaries and affiliated companies; (ii) plans for products or services, and customer or supp lier 
lists; (iii) any s cientific or technical information, invention, de sign, process, procedure, formula, 
improvement, technology or method; (iv) any con cepts, reports, data, know-how, works-in-progress, 
designs, development tools, specifications, co mputer software, so urce code,  object code, flow charts, 
databases, inventions, information and trade secrets; and (v) any o ther information that should reasonably 
be recognized as confidential information of the Disclosing Party.  Confidential Information need not be 
novel, unique, patentable, copyrightable or constitute a trade secret in order to be designated Confidential 
Information.  The Receiving Pa rty acknowledges that the Confidential Information is proprietary to the 
Disclosing Pa rty, has been de veloped and  obtained through great efforts by the Disclosing Pa rty and that 
Disclosing Party regards all of its Confidential Information as trade secrets 
 
(b)        Notwithstanding   an ything   in   the   foregoing   to   the   contrary,   Confidential 
Information shall not include information which: (i) was known by the Receiving Pa rty prior to receiving 
the Confidential Information from the Disclosing Party; (b) becomes rightfully known to the Receiving 
Party from a  third-party source not known (after diligent inquiry) by the Receiving Party to be under an 
obligation to Disclosing Party to maintain confidentiality; (c) is or becomes publicly available through no 
fault of or failure to act by the Rec eiving Party in breach of this Agreement; (d) is required to be disclosed 
in a judicial or administrative proceeding, or is otherwise requested or required to be disclosed by law or 
regulation, although the requirements of paragraph 4 hereof shall apply prior to any disclosure being 
made;  and  (e)  is  or  has been  independently developed  by employees,  consultants  or  agents  of  the 
Receiving  Party  without  violation  of  the  terms  of  this  Agreement  or  reference  or  access  to  any 
Confidential Information. 
 
2.           Disclosure of Confidential Information. 
 
From time to time, the Disclosing Party may disclose Confidential Information to the 
Receiving Pa rty.  The Receiving Pa rty will:  (a) limit disclosure of any Confidential Information to its 
directors, officers, employees,  agents or representatives (collectively “Representatives”) who have a 
need  to know su ch Confidential Information in connection with the current or contemplated business 
relationship between the parties to which this Agreement relates, and o nly for that purpose; (b) advise its 
Representatives of the proprietary nature of the Confidential Information and of the obligations set forth
2 
 
 in this Agreement and require such Representatives to keep the Confidential Information confidential; (c) 
shall keep all Confidential Information strictly confidential by using a reasonable degree of care, but not 
less than the degree of care used by it in saf<*$p$*>The Receiving Pa rty agrees to use the Confidential Information in connection with any business relationship, current or future, between the parties and for any purpose, even if not authorized by this Agreement, without the prior written consent of an authorized representative of the Disclosing Party.<*$p$*>dential Information. 
 
The Receiving Pa rty agrees to use the Confidential Information solely in connection with 
the current or contemplated business relationship between the parties and not for any purpose other than 
as authorized by this Agreement without the prior written consent of an authorized representative of the 
Disclosing Party.  No other right or license, whether expressed or implied, in the Conf idential Information 
is granted to the Receiving Party hereunder.  Title to the Confidential Information will remain solely in 
the Disclosing Party.  All use of Confidential Information by the Receiving Party shall be for the benefit 
of the Disclosing Party and any modifications and improvements thereof by the Receiving Pa rty shall be 
the sole property of the Disclosing Pa rty.  Nothing con tained herein is intended to modify the parties' 
existing agreement that their discussions in furtherance of a potential business relationship are governed 
by Fede ral Rule of Evidence 408. 
 
 
4.           Compelled Disclosure of Confidential Information. 
 
Notwithstanding an ything in the foregoing to the contrary, the Receiving Party may disclose 
Confidential Information pursuant to any governmental, judicial, or administrative order, subpo ena, 
discovery request, regulatory request or similar method, provided that the Receiving Pa rty promptly notifies, 
to the extent practicable, the Disclosing Pa rty in writing of su ch demand for disclosure so that the Disclosing 
Party, at its sole expe nse, may seek to make such disclosure subject to a protective order  or  other  
appropriate  remedy  to  preserve  the  con fidentiality  of  the  Confidential  Information; provided in the 
case of a b road regulatory request with respect to the Receiving Party’s business (not targeted at Disclosing 
Party), the Receiving Party may promptly comply with such request provided the Receiving Pa rty give (if 
permitted by su ch regulator) the Disclosing Pa rty prompt notice of such disclosure.  The Receiving Pa rty 
agrees that it shall not oppose and sh all coop erate with efforts by, to the extent practicable, the Disclosing 
Pa<*$p$*>This Agreement shall remain in effect for a two-year term (subject to a one year extension if the parties are still discussing and considering the Tran saction at the end of the second year). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties’ duty to hold in confidence Confidential Information that was disclosed during term shall remain in effect for the term of this agreement only.<*$p$*>hout liability. 
 
5.           Term. 
 
This  Agreement  shall  remain  in  effect  for  a  two-year  term  (subject  to  a  one  year 
extension if the parties are still discussing and  considering the Tran saction at the end  of the second year). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties’ duty to hold in confidence Confidential Information that was 
disclosed during term shall remain in effect indefinitely. 
 
6.           Remedies. 
 
Both parties acknowledge that the Confidential Information to be disclosed hereund er is 
of  a  unique  and  valuable  character,  and  that  the  unau thorized  dissemination  of  the  Confidential
3 
 
 Information would destroy or  diminish the value of such information.  The damages to Disclosing Pa rty that  
would  result  from  the  unau thorized  dissemination  of  the  Confidential  Information  would  be impossible 
to calculate.  Therefore, both parties hereby agree that the Disclosing Pa rty shall be entitled to injunctive 
relief  preventing the dissemination of any Confidential Information in violation of the terms hereof.  Such 
injunctive relief shall be in addition to any other remedies available hereund er, whether at law or in equity.   
Disclosing Party shall be entitled to recover its costs and fees, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, 
incurred in obtaining any such relief.   Fur ther, in the event of litigation relating to this Agreement, the prevailing 
party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorney’s fees and expenses. 
 
7.           Return of Confidential Information. 
 
Receiving Pa rty shall immediately return and redeliver to the other all tangible material 
embodying the Confidential Information p rovided hereunder and all notes, summaries, memoranda, 
drawin gs,  manuals,  records,  excerpts  or  derivative  information  deriving  there  from  and  all  other 
docu ments or materials (“Notes”) (and all copies of any of the foregoing, including “cop ies” that have 
been con verted to computerized media in the form of image, da ta or word processing files either manua lly 
or by image capture) based on or including any Confidential Information, in whatever form of  storage or 
retrieval, upon the earlier of (i) the completion or termination of the dealings between the parties 
contemplated hereunder; (ii) the termination of this Agreement; or (iii) at such time as the Disclosing 
Party may so  request; provided ho wever that the Receiving Pa rty may retain such of its documents as is 
necessary to <*$p$*>Receiving Pa rty shall notify the Disclosing Pa rty only if they deem necessary upon discovery of any unau thorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information by Receiving Pa rty or its Representatives, or any o ther breach of this Agreement by Receiving Pa rty or its Representatives, and will coop erate with efforts by the Disclosing Pa rty only when possible to help the Disclosing Pa rty regain possession of Confidential Information and prevent its further unauthorized use.<*$p$*>he Receiving Party supervising the destruction). 
 
8.           Notice of Breach. 
 
Receiving Pa rty shall notify the Disclosing Pa rty immediately upon  discovery of any 
unau thorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information  by Receiving Pa rty or its Representatives, or 
any o ther breach of this Agreement by Receiving Pa rty or its Representatives, and will coop erate with efforts 
by the Disclosing Pa rty to help the Disclosing Pa rty regain possession of Confidential Information and 
prevent its further unauthorized use. 
 
9.           No Binding Agreement for Trans action. 
 
The parties agree  that neither party will  be  under any legal  obligation  of  any kind 
whatsoever with respect to a Transaction by virtue of this Agreement, except for the matters specifically 
agreed to herein.  The pa rties further acknowledge and agree that they each reserve the right, in their sole 
and absolute discr<*$p$*>Each party warrants that it has the right to make the disclosures under this Agreement. EACH PARTY WARRANTS THE ACCURACY AND COMPLETENESS OF THE INFORMATION DISCLOSED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.<*$p$*> joint venture or partnership 
between the parties.   If a Transaction goes forward, the non-disclosure provisions of any applicable 
transaction documents entered into between the parties (or their respective affiliates) for the Transaction 
shall supersede this Agreement. In the event such provision is not provided for in said transaction docu ments, 
this Agreement shall control. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4 
 
  
10.         Warra nty. 
 
Each  party warrants that it has the right to make the disclosures under this Agreement. 
NO WARRANT IES ARE MADE BY EITHER PART Y UNDE R THIS AGREE MENT 
WHATSOE VER .   The parties acknowledge that although they shall each endeavor to include in the 
Confidential Information all information that they each believe relevant for the purpose of the evaluation 
of a Tran saction, the parties understand that no representation or warranty as to the accuracy or co mpleteness 
of the Confidential Information is being made by either party as the Disclosing Party. Fur ther, neither party 
is under  any ob ligation under this Agreement to disclose any Confidential Information it choo ses not to 
disclose.  Neither Party hereto shall have any  liability to the other party or to the other party’s Representatives 
resulting from any  use of the Confidential Information except with respect to disclosure of such Confidential 
Information in violation of this Agreement. 
 
11.         Miscellaneous. 
 
(a)        This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding between the parties and 
supersedes any and  all prior or contemporaneous understandings and agreements, whether oral or written, 
between the parties, with <*$p$*>Any failure by either party to enforce the other party’s strict performance of any provision of this Agreement will constitute a waiver of its right to subsequently enforce such provision or any other provision of this Agreement.<*$p$*>e of this Agreement shall be governed 
and construed in accordance with the laws of    Newfoundland, Canada  applicable to contracts made  and  
to be wholly performed  within such state,  without  giving effect to  any  conflict of laws provisions 
thereof.  The Federal and state courts located in Newfoundland, Canada , shall have sole and exc lusive 
jurisdiction over any disputes arising under  the terms of this Agreement. 
 
(c)        Any failure by either party to enforce the other party’s strict performance of any 
provision  of  this  Agreement  will  not  constitute  a  waiver  of  its  right  to  subsequently  enforce  such 
provision or  any other provision of  this Agreement. 
 
(d)        Although the restrictions contained in this Agreement are considered by the 
parties to be reasonable for the purpose of protecting the Confidential Information, if any such restriction 
is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unen forceable, such provision will be modified, rewritten 
or interpreted to include as much of its nature and scope as will render it enforceable.   If it cann ot be 
so modified, rewritten or interpreted to be enforceable in any respect, it will not be given effect, and the 
remainder of the Agreement will be enforced as if such provision was not included.  
 
(e)        Any no tices or communications required or permitted to be given hereunder may be 
delivered by hand,  deposited with a nationally recognized overnight carrier, electronic-mail, or mailed by 
certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, in each case, to the address of the other party first 
indicated abo ve (or such other addressee as may be  furnished by a  party in accordance with this paragraph).  
All such notices or communications shall be deemed to have been  given and received (a) in the ca se of 
personal delivery or electronic-mail, on the da te of such delivery, (b) in the case of delivery by a  nationally 
recognized overnight carrier, on the third business day following dispatch and (c) in the case of  mailing, on 
the seventh business day following such mailing. 
 
(f)         This Agreement is personal in nature, and neither party may directly or indirectly 
assign or transfer it by ope ration of law or otherwise without the prior written consent of the other party, 
which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.   All obligations contained in this Agreement shall extend 
to and be binding upon  the parties to this Agreement and their respective successors, assigns and de sign 
5 
 
  
(g)        The receipt of Confidential Information pursuant to this Agreement will not prevent or in any 
way limit either party from: (i) developing, making or marketing products or services that are or may be  
competitive with the products or services of the other; or (ii) providing products or services to others who 
compete with the other. 
 
(h)        Paragraph headings used in this Agreement are for reference only and shall not 
be used or relied upon  in the interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
IN WIT NESS WHEREO F, the parties hereto have execu ted this Agreement as of the date first 
above written. 
 
 
 
Disclosing Party                                                                                                                    Receiving Party 
 
 
 
 
By                                                                                                    By   
Name:  NPAF.CA                                                                                             Name: 
Title:    Founder                                                                                             Title: 