 NDA Page 1 of 1 
 
 
 
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
This docum ent is provi ded i n good faith but no warrant y, expresse d or i mplied, is given t hat the inform ation is com plete 
or accurate nor that it is fit for a particular purpose. W areWorks Ltd hereby excludes lia bility for any claim s, losses, 
demands or dam ages or any kind whatsoever with respect to  this service, including (wit hout loss of generality) direct, 
indirect, incidental or consequent ial loss or da mages, consequent ial dam ages or l oss of profi ts. 
 
This agreement is entered into as of ??/??/???? b y and between: 
 
(1) COM PANY A FULL NAM E a com pany duly incorporat ed under t he laws of Engl and, wi th a regi stration 
number ???????? ( “COMPANY A”); and 
 
(2) COM PANY B FULL NAM E a com pany duly incorporat ed under t he laws of Engl and, wi th a regi stration 
number ???????? ( “COMPANY B”). 
 
WHEREAS COMPANY A and COMPANY B intend to disclose to each other certain inform ation for the developm ent 
and m arketing of com munication, audi o, secu rity and ot her added val ue product s (the “Purpose” ); and  
 
WHEREAS it is vital to the com mercial interests of COM PANY A and COM PANY B t hat both part ies recogni se the 
strictly secret and confidential nature, as well as ownership, of the Inform ation (as defined herein) to which each party 
may have access or which m ay be di sclosed pursuant to the Purpose. 
 
NOW THEREFORE , this agreem ent witn esseth  that in consideration of the prem ises and agreem ents herein, <*$p$*>1. In this agreem ent, “Inform ation” shal l mean any data explicitly marked as confidential and delivered in written form. It includes specifically, documents clearly labeled 'Confidential' with the company logo and date on each page.<*$p$*>ordi ngs and any  docum entation or ot her form  of record. 
 
2. This agreem ent shall govern t he terms under whi ch one  party discloses Inform ation to the other part y in 
relation to the Purpose, regardless of whether the disc losure takes place before or after the date of this 
agreem ent. 
 
3. The Inform ation of each party is and shall rem ain that party’s sole, exclusive and valuable property.  
Nothing in this Ag reem ent or in any disclosures o f Information by either party sh all be construed as 
granting or conferrin g to the other party an y licen se, rig hts, title o <*$p$*>4. Each party shall exert reasonable effort to protect what it deems to be confidential information, but liability for any disclosure will be limited to direct damages, not exceeding $1000. In respect of such Information, each party agrees that it: (a) shall not directly or indirectly disclose, verbally, in writing or in any other form, or allow the Information to be disclosed to any other person, firm or company; (b) shall keep secret and shall not use, manipulate or exploit the Information, except for the Purpose and then only in strict accordance with the Purpose and the terms of this Agreem ent; (c) shall restrict disclosure of th e Inform ation to such of i ts employees or consul tants or subcont ractors who need t o know for t he Purpose and shal l procure t hat such persons observe ful ly the provi sions of this Ag reem ent as if th ey were th emselves parties to it; (d) shall not copy , store or di stribute any Inform ation or al low any Inform ation to be copi ed, st ored or distributed except for such copi es, st orage or di stribution as are st rictly requi red for t he Purpose; NDA Page 2 of 2 (e) shall protect the com mercial inte rest of the disclosing party and sh all take the sam e precautions to protect the Inform ation as a careful and prudent person woul d be expect ed to employ for i ts own business and confi dential inform ation and, i n doing so, shal l use reasonabl e care t o protect the Inform ation from unaut horised use, harm , expl oitation, m anipulation, m odification, interference, misuse, m isappropri ation, copy or di sclosure what soever, except as specifica lly au thorised by the disclosing part y in writing; (f) shall keep all In formation that is electronically stored in a tangible form segregat ed from all of its own propert y and i n a safe and secure envi ronm ent and protect and keep safe all such Inform ation from any loss, harm , theft, unaut horised use, t ampering, sabot age, unaut horised dupl ication, dest ruction, damage or interference whatsoever (g) shall, upon dem and, inform the disclosing part y of the location of t he Inform ation and t he measures that it h as taken to preserv e its co nfidentiality; (h) shall retu rn to the disclosing party all In formation, copi es and t angible manifestations t hereof, i n any form whatsoever, an d delete all In formation from all retriev al system s and databases o r destroy the same immediately upon t he direction of t he disclosing part y, and furni sh to the disclosing part y, immediately upon i ts request , a cert ificate of a seni or offi cer or di rector attesting to such ret urn, deletion or dest ruction, as t he case m ay be; (i) shall treat co mmunicatio ns with the other party as co nfidential an d utilise reaso nable care in maintaining the confidentiality o f communicatio ns even if th ey do not include Information: and (j) shall be liable to the other party fo r compliance with the term s and conditions of this Ag reem ent, and shall fully indem nify the other part y and hol d it harmless from dam ages (i ncluding lawyers’ fees and disbursem ents) incurred as a result of a breach of this Agreem ent.<*$p$*>and hol d it harmless from  dam ages (i ncluding lawyers’ fees and 
disbursem ents<*$p$*>5. The obligations contained herein shall not apply to Information which: (a) at the time of disclosure, is within the public domain. All other exceptions are hereby waived.<*$p$*>xplicitly ap proved for relea<*$p$*>6. The parties’ obligations hereunder shall: (a) be limited to the United Kingdom; (b) expire one (1) year from the date of this Agreement; and (c) not survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever.<*$p$*> survive the term ination of this Agreem ent for any reason whatsoever. 
 
7. The parties acknowledge that the obligations contai ned herein are entirely reasonable and necessary in 
order to protect th e leg itimate co mmercial, trad e, business an d tech nical in terests o f the disclosing party 
and t he expi ration of such obl igations i s without prejudi ce to any rights whi ch the disclosing part y may 
have i n relation to the Inform ation u<*$p$*>8. The parties acknowledge that a violation by the receiving party of its obligations will only result in monetary damages. Injunctive relief is hereby waived by both parties.<*$p$*> court  order 
to prevent  the violation of t he obl igations cont ained herei n. 
 
9. The parties acknowledge that no representation or  warranty has been m ade as to the accuracy or 
completeness of any  Inform ation whi ch may be suppl ied and it is ag reed that neither party sh all have any 
liability, d irect o r indirect, to  the other as a resu lt of the use of the Information. 
 
10. The part ies underst and and agree t hat no cont ract or agreem ent with regard t o the Purpose, nor any  other 
undert aking or arrangem ent involving the part ies, i<*$p$*>11. If another agreem ent exists b etween the parties, wh ich relates in any way to Information, this agreement supersedes any prior agreements and does not prioritize the protection of secrecy, confidentiality, and proprietary information.<*$p$*>tection of the secrecy, confidentiality and 
propri etary nature of t he Inform ation. 
 
12. Notices shal l be deem ed suffi ciently given when del ivered by  hand, by  fax or by  registered m ail to the 
following addresses 
 
If to COM PANY A at: 
Address Li ne 1 
Address Li ne 2 
Address Li ne 3 
Address Li ne 4 
 
And if to COM PANY B at: 
Address Li ne 1 
Address Li ne 2 
Address Li ne 3 
Address Li ne 4 
 
The addresses and persons for whose at tention not ices ar e to be sent  may be changed at  any time by notice 
given in accordance with this Section:  
 
13. The part ies shal l do al l such t hings and provi de al l such furt her and ot her assurances as m ay be reasonabl y 
requi red in order t o give effect  to the purpose and i ntent of this Agreem ent. 
 
14. This Agreem ent shall inure t o the benefi t of and be bi nding upon t he part ies heret o and t heir respect ive 
successo rs an d permitted assig ns. Neith er party sh all assig n, transfer o r otherwise alien ate its rig hts and 
obligations hereunder in whole or in part, without the prior writte n consent of the other party. 
 
15. The recitals sh all fo rm part of this Ag reem ent as if rep eated  at len gth in this Ag reem ent. 
 
16. This Agreem ent m ay be executed in one or m ore counterparts each of which when so executed shall be 
deem ed to be an original and such  counterparts together shall constitute  but one of the sam e instrum ent. 
 
17. If any provision of this Agreem ent is or becom es void or unenforceable by force or by operation of law, 
the rem aining provisions shall remain valid and enforceable. 
 
18. Any failu re by either party to  exercise an y rights arisin g as a resu lt of the obligations set o ut in this 
Agreem ent shall not act as a waiver of such ri ghts, nor shal l any partial exerci se of any  right precl ude any  
further exercise of such rights. 
 
19. This Agreem ent shall be governed by and inte rpreted in accordance with the laws of England. 
 
20. Any amendm ents to this Agreem ent shall be bi nding on t he part ies onl y if made in writing and si gned by  
duly authorised representative of each party. 
 
 NDA Page 4 of 4 
 
 
  
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEROF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be signed in duplicate, and to be effective 
as of the date first written above. 
 
COMPANY A       COMPANY B 
 
 
 
 
 
 
……………………………………..    …………………………………. 
 
 
 
Name:  …………………     Name:  ……………… 
 
 
 
Position:  ………………..     Position  ……………… 
 
 
 
Date:  ………………….    Date:  ………………. 
 
 