Non-Disclosure Agreement 
Background
MariAl Associates Ltd  are conscious of the sensitive nature of texts supplied to us for 
translation.
We have confidentiality agreements in place with our translators and would be happy to 
provide a blanket agreement or sign a specific agreement before commencing any work. Please 
note that any confidential information is destroyed once the matter has completed unless 
reasonably required.
Non-Disclosure Agreement
to:
hereinafter referred to as ("the Client").
By
MariAl Associates Ltd, 36 Gallon Close, Greenwich, London, SE7 8SY  hereinafter referred to as 
("the Company").
In this agreement:
Confidential Information means any information disclosed (whether actual or potential, 
whether before or after the date of this Agreement, whether in writing, in electronic format, 
verbally or by any other means and whether directly or indirectly) by or on behalf of the Client 
to the Company, which relates to the Services including but not exclusively information about  
venues, prints, contractors, customers, data, employees, sponsors, suppliers, policies, prices, 
discounts, business development, financial plans, marketing development, manpower plans, 
methods, services, ideas, projects, rights, products, project development and all other 
information which might cause considerable harm to the Client and/or to the Client’s business 
were it to be available and/or used by any third party;
Services means the provision of translation and other language services.
1.The Company acknowledges that all Confidential Information  made available or 
disclosed to it by the Client shall remain the exclusive property of the Client and 
recognises that such documentation is confidential and proprietary to the Client and 
shall be treated as such and shall not be disclosed to a third party, save as provided in 
Clause 3 hereunder or as required by any applicable laws, without the prior written 
<*$p$*>The Company undertakes to return all such documentation within 30 days of a written request by the Client and may retain a copy for archival purposes indefinitely.<*$p$*> Company's need thereof.
The Company shall only retain copies of any Confidential Information if necessary in 
completing the provision of the Services. Any Confidential Information shall at all times 
be stored securely and the Company shall take reasonable precautions to prevent any <*$p$*>Employee’s, temporary contractors and agents of the Company may be granted access to Confidential Information to proceed with the Services provided they sign individual confidentiality waivers approved by the Company's legal counsel.<*$p$*> proceed with the Services.
2.The Company undertakes to treat all Confidential Information not in the public domain 
that it may become a party to as a result of providing the Services to the Client and its 
associates, including the existence of the request for the Services, the names of the 
parties involved and any information contained in or which otherwise reflects the 
information in the documentation received from the Client, as confidential.  The 
Company further undertakes that such Information shall not be disclosed to a third 
party, save as provided in Clause 4 below, without the prior<*$p$*>3.The Company may subcontract all or part of the Services provided to the Client without restriction. The Company is not responsible for ensuring that its Subcontractors act in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Any third party to whom Confidential Information is provided shall be informed of the confidential nature of the information disclosed.<*$p$*>nature of the information disclosed. 
4.The parties agree that information is not to be regarded as Confidential Information and
that the Company will have no obligation with respect to any information which the 
Company can demonstrate:
4.1is publicly available at the time of disclosure;
4.2is or becomes known to the public through no wrongful act of the Company; 
4.3is used or disclosed with the prior written authorisation of the Client; or
4.4is disclosed by the Company in compliance with a legal requirement of a 
government agency or otherwise where disclosure is required by operation of 
law.
5.This agreement shall come into effect on the date of this Agreement and shall continue 
in full force and effect indefinitely or until replaced by a further agreement between the
parties.
6.General
6.1No changes to this Agreement are eff<*$p$*>6.2 The Company acknowledges that damages are the sole and adequate compensation for any breach of this Agreement, and the Client waives all rights to seek other remedies, including injunctions.<*$p$*>, including injunctions, as it desires.
6.3This Agreement is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with English
law, and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
6.4The parties to this Agreement confirm that no terms of this agreement are 
enforceable under the Contract (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 by a person 
who is not a party to this agreement.
Signed for and on behalf of MariAl Associates 
Ltd
                                                                                Signed for and on behalf of ‘ Client’
                                                                                 
On this                          day of                                              20     