 
 Non-Disclosure Agreement 
 
Between 
 
EBZ <Company> 
Bleicherstraße 7 
88212 Ravensburg  
 
– herein referred to as PURCHASER  – 
 
and 
(company name and address) 
 
– herein referred to as CONTRACTOR  – 
 
 
I. The PURCHASER and the CONTRACTOR intend to coopera te. 
II. Within this cooperation, it is necessary that the PURCHASER makes available confidential 
documents, information, knowledge, samples and data  to the CONTRACTOR. 
III. For the reasons mentioned above, the CONTRACTOR is  obliged to treat all documents, 
information, knowledge, samples and data made avail able to him by the PURCHASER, or 
made known to him at the PURCHASER, on the occasion  of the cooperation strictly 
confidential and not to make these available to thi rd parties in a direct or indirect way, 
neither entirely nor partly. In addition, the grant ed prices and conditions to the 
PURCHASER are secrecy and may not be disclosed to t hird parties without the express 
written consent of the PURCHASER. 
IV. The CONTRACTOR must neither assert copyrights or o ther rights on documents, 
information, knowledge and data based on documents,  information, knowledge and data 
which is put down to the PURCHASER, nor make or hav e made objects for himself or third 
parties, in which or upon the manufacture of which documents, information, knowledge, 
samples and data by the PURCHASER directly or indir ectly are used, unless the 
PURCHASER has given written approval explicitly bef orehand. 
V. The CONTRACTOR must make all adequate arrangements  in his premises, where he 
carries out work for the PURCHASER, in order to adh ere to the non-disclosure agreement 
according to this agreement; he will especially ens ure that third parties will not gain access 
to the locations where the PURCHASER orders are han dled. 
 
VI. The CONTRACTOR is obliged to commit his employees to the appropriate secrecy in 
written form as far as confidential documents, info rmation, knowledge, samples and data 
are made available to these in the course of the co operation or they can gain access to 
documents, information, knowledge, samples and data  by the PURCHASER. On request, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Seite  2/3 
the CONTRACTOR will present the non-disclosure agre ement to the PURCHASER 
according to clause 1. 
VII. Beyond the scope mentioned above, the CONTRACTOR i s obliged not to use any of the 
documents, information, knowledge, samples and data , which have been made available 
or which have become known to him directly or indir ectly at the PURCHASER for gaining 
copyrights or other rights. 
VIII. The obligation to maintain secrecy as mentioned be fore is not valid for such documents, 
information, knowledge, samples and data, which hav e already been public at the moment 
of their forwarding, which have become public after  their forwarding without the 
CONTRACTOR being responsible for this, which have b een made available to the other 
CONTRACTOR by a third party after their forwarding in a legally allowable way and 
without any limitation regarding secrecy or use, wh ich have prova<*$p$*>IX. The CONTRACTOR will make reasonable efforts to return documents, information, knowledge, samples and data provided in the course of the cooperation including all copies thereof to the PURCHASER, unless retention is required by law or for internal record-keeping purposes. In the case of unreturned documents, information, knowledge, samples and data or copies by the CONTRACTOR or his assistants or agents, the PURCHASER may not assert claim for damages.<*$p$*> or cop<*$p$*>X. The CONTRACTOR will endeavor to observe the BDSG (Bundesdatens chutzgesetz = German Data Protection Act), regulations and other regulations for the data protection. In the case that the CONTRACTOR is granted access no matter of which kind by the PURCHASER to data for performance of the contractual works in te rms of the BDSG or made known such data by the PURCHASER, the CONTRACTOR will attempt to only con sign Employees, Assistants or Agents with the performance of the contractual work , who are generally made aware of data secrecy principles. On request of the PURCHASER, the CONTRACTOR will provide a summary of the awareness training provided to Employees, Assistants or Ag ents. The CONTRACTOR may make available or known the data forwarded or made known by the PURCHASER in terms of the BDSG to subcontractors, and only use it to perform the work. After completion of the work, the CONTRACTOR will endeavor to return all data forwarded by the PURCHASER including the copies thereof to the PURCH ASER or completely delete the data including the copies thereof, unless a longer retention period is required for regulatory compliance.<*$p$*>
PURCHASER including th<*$p$*>XI. In the case of intentionally violating the core obligations mentioned above, the CONTRACTOR may be required to pay a contract penalty for significant violations in the amount of Seite 3/3 Euro xxx.xxx (in words: EUR xxx thousand) based on a court order. The assertion of the actually occurred damage remains the sole remedy, and the contract penalty will only be applied if the damage exceeds the penalty amount.<*$p$*>x thousand). 
 
The assertion of the actually occurred damage remai ns untouched, while the forfeited 
contract penalty is deducted. 
XII. This non-disclosure agreement as described before ends soonest after expiration of a term 
of five (5) years after termination of the cooperat ion. Should information, knowledge, 
documents, samples and data require secrecy without  alteration at the moment of the 
termination of the cooperation, the agreement partn ers coincide that the CONTRACTOR 
agrees to an extension of the term, if requested by  the PURCHASER. 
XIII. Should present or future provisions of this agreem ent partly or entirely not be legally 
effective or not feasible, or later lose their lega l effectiveness or feasibility, the validity of 
the other provisions of this agreement remain untou ched. In this case, every partner to the 
agreement can demand the agreement of a valid provi sion which reaches the purpose of 
the ineffective provision the closest. 
XIV. The exclusive court of jurisdiction for all quarre ls occurring from or in connection with this 
agreement including the question of achieving this agreement, its termination and its 
continuation after termination is the Purchaser’s g eneral court of jurisdiction. 
 
 
 
 
 
Ravensburg,     
(place and date)  (place and date) 
   
(Firm Stamp, Signature 
PURCHASER)  (Firm Stamp, Signature 
CONTRACTOR) 
 