Doc No: BO 115             Last Modified:  11 July 2014  
Approved By:  Executive Committee       Revision No.:    07  
BO115 -07 - Non-Disclosure Agreement                                  11 July 2014                                                                       Page 1 of 5 NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
Between  
 
 
 
BEE ONLINE  (PTY) LTD  
(“BEE Online ”) 
Registration number:   2004/004257/07  
 
 
 
 
And 
 
 
 
  
(“the company or individual” ) 
Registration/Identity Number:   
 
 
 
 
 
 (“the parties”)  

Doc No: BO 115             Last Modified:  11 July 2014  
Approved By:  Executive Committee       Revision No.:    07  
BO115 -07 - Non-Disclosure Agreement                                  11 July 2014                                                                       Page 2 of 5 1. INTRODUCTION  
 
This document recognizes that BEE Online has entered into a contract with the named 
individual or organization in the normal course of our business.  The contract entered into  
may result in the parties acquiring certain confidential information of the other (as 
defined below).  
 
2. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  
 
 The information that is intended to be covered by this agreement shall include, without 
limitation, any designs, concepts , ideas, technical, scientific, commercial information, 
know -how, trade secrets and processes, communicated to either party (“the receiving 
party”) by the other party (“the disclosing party”) or acquired by the receiving party 
from the disclosing party, du ring the course of the negotiations and discussions referred 
to in 1 as well as during the course of any appointment of the Company  as contemplated 
in 1.  All such information collectively shall be referred to in this agreement as the 
“confidential informa tion”.  
 
3. CONFIDENTIALITY UNDERTAKING  
 
3.1 The parties acknowledge that the confidential information is a valuable, special and 
unique asset belonging to the disclosing party and accordingly, that it is of the utmost 
importance to the disclosing party tha t the confidential information not be used to 
advance the interest of any persons other than the disclosing party.  In view thereof, the 
parties undertake that - 
 
3.2 they will not, without the prior written consent of the disclosing party:  
 
3.2.1  during the course of the negotiations and discussions referred to in 1 or at any 
time thereafter, directly or indirectly, use any of the confidential information, 
otherwise than for the purpose of such negotiations and discussions or for the 
implementation of any agreement resulting there from ; 
 
3.2.2  divulge, discuss with, disclose or reveal the confidential information of the 
disclosing party to any person, firm, corporation, association or any other entity 
for any reason or purpose whatsoever (other than its employees and agents and 
only to the extent that such employees and agents require such information in the 
implementation of any agreement concluded between the parties);   
 
3.2.3  <*$p$*>BEE Online shall only provide information about its activities to SANAS or the DTI on request . The MD will acknowledge receipt of request by email within 2 days and will be responsible for the release of the information within 7 days. BEE Online<*$p$*>  
 
3.2.4  the parties will procure that their employees and agents to whom the confidential 
information is disclosed in terms of 3.2.2 are information of the confidential 
nature of the confidential information and prior to such disclosure, undertake to 
be bound by  the terms of this agreement.  Any breach of this confidentiality 
Doc No: BO 115             Last Modified:  11 July 2014  
Approved By:  Executive Committee       Revision No.:    07  
BO115 -07 - Non-Disclosure Agreement                                  11 July 2014                                                                       Page 3 of 5 undertaking by any of the parties’ employees and agents shall be deemed to be a 
breach of this agreement by that party in terms of 9 below.  
 
4. DISCLAIMER  
 
 All rights to confidential information are reserved by the disclosing party and no rights or 
obligations, other than those expressly recited herein, are granted or to be implied from 
this agreement. Nothing in this agreement or its operation shall preclude , impair or 
restrict either party from continuing to engage in its business.  It is recorded that the 
disclosing party may well have had business dealings with the receiving party’s customers 
and no right of exclusivity shall be afforded to the receiving p arty in this regard.  For 
example, in larger corporate entities, it may well be that the receiving party and 
disclosing party are dealing with separate departments or individuals or may well have 
done so previously.  The receiving party accepts this fact a nd whilst the disclosing party 
shall not intentionally interfere with the receiving party’s marketing strategy, this may at 
times be inevitable.  
 
5. RETURN OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  
 
 <*$p$*>Either party may request in writing at any time that any confidential information or any documents containing such confidential information, disclosed pursuant to the terms of this agreement and any copies thereof be returned with a written statement to the effect that upon such return the receiving party has not knowingly r etained in its possession or under its control, either directly or indirectly, any such confidential information or any documents containing such confidential information or any copies thereof and the receiving party shall endeavor to comply with any such request with in a reasonable time of receipt of such request.<*$p$*>  
 
6. TITLE  
 
 All confidential information of the disclosing party is acknowledged by the receiving 
party to be the property of the disclosing party and the disclosure of the confidential 
information shall not be dee med to confer any rights to that confidential information on 
the receiving party.  
 
7. STANDARD OF CARE  
 
 The parties agree to protect the confidential information of the other party using not less 
than the same standard of care that would be applied to its  own proprietary, secret or 
confidential information and that the confidential information shall be stored and 
disclosed in such a way as to prevent unauthorised disclosure.  
 
8. EXCLUDED INFORMATION  
 
 The obligations pursuant to this agreement shall not ap ply to any confidential 
information – 
 
8.1 is in the possession of the receiving party prior to receipt from the disclosing party;  
 
8.2 is or become publicly known, otherwise than as a consequence of a breach of this 
agreement;  
Doc No: BO 115             Last Modified:  11 July 2014  
Approved By:  Executive Committee       Revision No.:    07  
BO115 -07 - Non-Disclosure Agreement                                  11 July 2014                                                                       Page 4 of 5 8.3 is received from a third party without similar restrictions and without breach of this 
agreement.  
 
9. BREACH  
 
 <*$p$*>Should either party (the “defaulting party”) breach any provision of this agreement and fail to remedy such breach within seven days after receiving written notice from the other party (the “aggrieved party”) requiring it to do so, then the aggrieved party shall be entitled, without prejudice to the aggrieved party’s other rights in law, to claim from the defaulting party such damages to which it may be entitled. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary cont ained in this agreement, neither party shall be entitled to cancel this agreement in any circumstances whatsoever.<*$p$*>  
 
10. ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS  
 
 The parties acknowledge that the undertakings herein are fair and reasonable and are 
reasonably required to protect t he other party’s confidential information.  
 
11. GENERAL  
 
11.1 Any failure or delay by either party in exercising any right, power or privilege in 
relation to any confidential information and/or pursuant to this agreement will not 
constitute a waiver of that rig ht, power or privilege, nor will any single or partial 
exercise thereof preclude any further exercise of that right, power or privilege.  
 
11.2 This agreement constitutes the sole record of the agreement between the parties in 
regard to the subject matter thereo f. 
 
11.3 Neither party shall be bound by any express or implied term, representation, 
warranty, promise or the like not recorded herein.  
 
11.4 No addition to, variation or agreed cancellation of this agreement shall be of any 
force or effect unless in writing and signed by or on behalf of the parties.  
 
12. DOMICILIUM AND NOTICES  
 
 <*$p$*>The parties choose as their domicilium et executandi “domicilium” for all purposes arising from or pursuant to this agreement the following address – BEE ONLINE (PTY) LTD Landmark on Empire 12th Floor, 25 Owl Street Auckland Park 2092<*$p$*> 
Doc No: BO 115             Last Modified:  11 July 2014  
Approved By:  Executive Committee       Revision No.:    07  
BO115 -07 - Non-Disclosure Agreement                                  11 July 2014                                                                       Page 5 of 5                       PARTYS  NAME & Address:  
 
   
 
   
   
  Tel:     Fax:  
 
12.1 Any party shall be entitled from time to time, by written notice to the other party, 
to vary its domicilium to any other address within the Republic of South Africa which 
is not a post office box or poste restante . 
 
12.2 Any notice given by a party to the other  – 
 
12.2.1  Delivered by hand during the normal business hours of the addressee at the 
addressee’s domicilium for the time being shall be rebuttably presumed to have 
been received by the recipient at the time of delivery.  
 
12.2.2  Posted by prepaid registered post from an  address within the Republic of South 
Africa to the addressee’s domicilium for the time being shall be rebuttably 
presumed to have been received by the recipient on the fourth day after the date 
of posting.  
 
12.2.3  Any notice given by telefacsimile during the nor mal business hours of the address 
to the addressee’s domicilium for the time being shall be rebuttably presumed to 
have been received on the first business day succeeding the day on which the 
telefacsimile is transmitted.  
 
 
 
Signed at ……………………………… ………. on … ……………………………………………  20__. 
 
     For BEE Online  (Proprietary) Limited  
 
 
 
 
 
      ……………………………………………………….  
      who warrants that he/she is duly authorised hereto  
 
 
Signed at ……………………………… ………. on ………………………………………………  20__. 
 
 
     For ___________________________  
 The Company or Individual  
 
 
 
      ……………………………………………………….  
                                                                  who warrants that he/she is duly authorised hereto  