 
  
 
MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT   
 
 
 
 
 
Entered  into between  
 
Transnet SOC Ltd , acting through Transnet Engineering, a Company duly 
registered and incorporated in terms of the Laws of th e Republic of South Africa 
with Registration  number 1990/000900/30 . 
 
(“DIVULGING OR DISCLOSING PARTY ”) 
 
 
and 
 
 
 
 
(RECEIVING PARTY/RECIPIENT”  and also referred to as the Re ceiving 
Parties) 
 
2 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS  
 
1. PARTIES  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...............  25 
2. INTRODUCTION  ................................ ................................ ................................ .. 25 
3. INTERPRETATION  ................................ ................................ .............................  25 
4. RESTRICTIONS ON DISCLOSURE AND USE OF THE INFORMATION  29 
5. PERMITTED DISCLOSURE  ................................ ................................ ..............  31 
6. FORCED DISCLOSURE  ................................ ................................ ....................  32 
7. EXCLUSIONS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...... 32 
8. TITLE  ................................ ................................ ................................ .....................  34 
9. NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY  ................................ .....................  35 
10. STANDARD OF CARE  ................................ ................................ .......................  35 
11. INDEMNITY  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..........  36 
12. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY  ................................ ................................ ...............  36 
13. RETURN OF INFORMATION  ................................ ................................ ............  38 
14. REPRESENTATIVES  ................................ ................................ ..........................  39 
15. PUBLICITY  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...........  39 
16. GENERAL WARRANTIES  ................................ ................................ .................  40 
17. GOVERNING LAW  ................................ ................................ ..............................  41 
18. BREACH  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...............  42 
19. DURATION  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...........  43 
20. DISPUTE RESOLUTION  ................................ ................................ ....................  43 
21. NOTICES AND DOMICILIA  ................................ ................................ ...............  44 
22. BENEFIT OF THE AGREEMENT  ................................ ................................ ..... 46 
23. WHOLE AGREEMENT  ................................ ................................ .......................  46 
24. VARIATION  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..........  47 
25. CONTINUING EFFECTIVENESS OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS  ..................  47 
26. NO ASSIGNMENT  ................................ ................................ ...............................  47 
27. RELAXATION  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...... 47 
28. COSTS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...................  48 
 
25 
 1. PARTIES  
1.1 The parties to this Agreement are: - 
TRANSNET ENGINEERING  
And 
 
Herewith referred to as the RECEIVING Parties  
1.2 The parties agree  as set out below.  
2. INTRODUCTION  
2.1. ……………………………………………………………………  on the one hand and 
the Receiving Parties  on the other hand, wish to disclose conf idential information 
pertaining to Tender number XXXXX  to supply XXXXX to Transnet Engineering  
 
2.2. The discussions concerning the Project (“Discussions”) will require the 
disclosure  of information of a proprietary, secret and confidential nature.  
 
2.3. The parties  wish to record the terms and conditions upon which such 
information will be disclosed.  
 
3. INTERPRETATION  
3.1 In this Agreement, unless inconsistent with or otherwise indicated by the 
context:  
3.1.1  "Affiliate"  means, in respect of a Party, any person that directly or 
indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls or is 
controlled by, or is unde r common control with such specified  Party.  
For the purposes of this definition "control" when used with respect 
to any specified Party means the power to direct the management 
and policies of such specified Party, directly or indirectly, whether 
TE NDA  
 
                     MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
26 
 
 through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise, 
and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings 
correlative to the foregoing;  
3.1.2  "AFSA " means the Arbitration Foundation of Southern Africa;  
3.1.3  "the / this Agreement"  means the mutual confi dentiality and non -
disclosure Agreement as set out herein, including the introductions 
hereto and all annexures, if any.  
3.1.4  "Confidential Information"  means, without limiting the generality 
of the term: - 
3.1.4.1  technical, scientific, commercial, financial and market 
information , trade partners, potential clients , trade leads  
and trade secrets, and all other information in whatever 
form, whether in writing or not, whether or not subject to 
or protected by common law or statutory laws relating to 
copyright, p atent, trademarks, registered or unregistered, 
or otherwise, disclosed or communicated to the 
Receiving Party or acquired by the Receiving Party from 
the Disclosing Party pursuant to this Agreement or the 
Discussions;  
3.1.4.2  data concerning business relat ionships, services, 
customers and personnel;  
3.1.4. 3 information relating to the strategic objectives and 
planning of such party’s future commercial needs;  
3.1.4. 4 information or material proprietary to or deemed to be 
proprietary to a Party; information d esignated as 
confidential by a Party; all intellectual property of a Party 
and associated material and documentation including 
information contained therein; the research and 
TE NDA  
 
                     MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
27 
 
 development, techniques and contractual arrangements 
of a Party; the details of a  Party’s relationship with third 
parties, the names of a Party’s current or prospective 
business associates and customers and their 
requirements; the client base and business contacts of a 
Party; details of a Party’s financial structure and business 
activi ties; the marketing, pricing and other policies of a 
Party;  
3.1.4. 5 all and any information or data in whatever form 
(including in oral, written, electronic and visual form) 
relating to the Disclosing Party or any of its Affiliates and 
which is obtained by  the Recipient or its Representatives 
pursuant to any presentations, discussions, negotiations 
or other interactions (even if not marked as being 
confidential, restricted, secret, proprietary or the like);  
3.1.4. 6. the existence of this Agreement and its contents; and  
3.1.4. 7. the fact that discussions and/or negotiations are taking 
place (and, in the event of their termination, have taken 
place) and the content of those discussions and/or 
negotiations . 
3.1.5  "the Disclosing Party"  means a Party disclosing Confidential 
Information;  
3.1.6  “Effective Date ” means the Signature Date ;  
3.1.7  "the Party(ies )" means the party(ies) to this Agreement;  
3.1.8  "Permitted Person"  means – the Representatives of the 
Recipient; and any other person to whom the Recip ient discloses 
Confidential Information with the prior written consent of the 
Disclosing Party;  
TE NDA  
 
                     MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
28 
 
 3.1.9  "Permitted Purpose"  means the conclusion of the Project and the 
consideration and evaluation of any document provided by 
Disclosing Party;  
3.1.10  “Project” means ; Tender No TE -KDS -6FX-0022  
3.1.11  "the Receiving Party or the Recipient " means a Party receiving 
Confidential Information.  
3.1.12  "Representatives"  means, in respect of a Party, such Party’s 
Affiliates and its and their respective directors, officers, partners, 
members, employees, agents, accountants, lawyers or consultants; 
and 
3.1.13  "Signature Date"  means the date of signature of this Agreement 
by the Pa rty last signing . 
3.2 Unless the context indicates otherwise, the singular shall include the plural 
and vice versa, the masculine gender shall include the other two genders, 
and vice versa, natural persons shall include juristic persons and vice 
versa.  
3.3 Where f igures are referred to in numerals and in words, if there is any 
conflict between the two, the words shall prevail.  
3.4 Where any term is defined within the context of any particular clause in 
this Agreement, the term so defined, unless it is clear from the cl ause in 
question that the term so defined has limited application to the relevant 
clause, shall bear the same meaning as ascribed to it for all purposes in 
terms of this Agreement, notwithstanding that that term has not been 
defined in this interpretation clause.  
3.5 The use of the word “including” followed by a specific example or 
examples shall not be construed as limiting the meaning of the general 
wording preceding it and the eiusdem  generis rule shall not be applied in 
TE NDA  
 
                     MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
29 
 
 the interpretation of such general wording or such specific example or 
examples.  
3.6 Any reference to an enactment in this Agreement is to that enactment as 
at the Signature Date and as amended or re -enacted from time to time.  
3.7 The rule of construction that the contract shall be interpreted agai nst the 
Party responsible for the drafting or preparation of the Agreement, shall 
not apply.  
3.8 The expiration or termination of this Agreement shall not affect such of the 
provisions of this Agreement as expressly provide that they will operate 
after any suc h expiration or termination or which of necessity must 
continue to have effect after such expiration or termination, 
notwithstanding that the clauses themselves do not expressly provide for 
this. 
3.9 This Agreement shall be binding on and enforceable by the es tates, heirs, 
executors, administrators, trustees, permitted assigns or liquidators of the 
Parties as fully and effectually as if they had signed this Agreement in the 
first instance and reference to any Party shall be deemed to include such 
Party’s estate , heirs, executors, administrators, trustees, permitted 
assigns or liquidators, as the case may be.  
4. RESTRICTIONS ON DISCLOSURE AND USE OF THE INFORMATION  
4.1 The Parties acknowledge that - 
4.1.1  the Confidential Information is a valuable, special and unique asset 
of the Disclosing Party and/or its Affiliates; and  
4.1.2  the Disclosing Party and/or its Affiliates may suffer irreparable harm 
or substantial economic and other loss in the event of such 
Confidential Information being disclosed or used otherwise than in 
accordanc e with this Agreement.  
TE NDA  
 
                     MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
30 
 
 4.2 All Confidential Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party to the Recipient 
or which otherwise comes to the knowledge of the Recipient, is 
acknowledged by the Recipient – 
4.2.1  to be proprietary to the Disclosing Party and/or one or mo re of its 
Affiliates; and  
4.2.2  not to confer any rights of whatsoever nature in such Confidential 
Information on the Recipient.  
4.3 The Recipient irrevocably and unconditionally agrees and undertakes   
4.3.1  to treat and safeguard the Confidential Information as strictly  private, 
secret and confidential;  
4.3.2  not to use or permit the use of the Confidential Information for any 
purpose other than for the Permitted Purpose and, in particular, not 
to use or permit the use of the Confidential Information, whether 
directly or indir ectly, to obtain a commercial, trading, investment, 
financial or other advantage over the Disclosing Party and/or its 
Associates or otherwise use it to the detriment of the Disclosing Party 
and/or its Associates;  
4.3.3  not to disclose the Confidential Informati on to any third party for any 
reason or purpose whatsoever without the prior written consent of the 
Disclosing Party, save in accordance with the provisions of this 
Agreement;  
4.3.4  not to decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer or otherwise 
modify, adapt, a lter or vary the whole or any part of the Confidential 
Information;  
4.3.5  not to copy or reproduce the Confidential Information by any means 
without the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party, it being 
TE NDA  
 
                     MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
31 
 
 recorded that any copies shall be and remain the prop erty of the 
Disclosing Party; and  
4.3.6  to keep all Confidential Information safely and securely and to take 
all such steps as may be reasonably necessary to protect it against 
theft, damage, loss, unauthorised access (including access by 
electronic means) and t o prevent Confidential Information from falling 
into the hands of unauthorised third parties.  
4.4 Accordingly, the Receiving Party indemnifies and holds the Disclosing Party 
harmless against any loss, actions, expense, claim, harm or damage, or 
whatever nature, suffered or sustained by the Disclosing Party pursuant to a 
breach by the Receiving Party of the provisions of this Agreement . 
5. PERMITTED DISCLOSURE  
5.1 The Recipient shall be entitled to disclose the Confidential Information only 
to Permitted Persons, and then only to the extent that such disclosure is 
necessary for the Permitted Purpose and on a "need to know" basis.  
5.2 The Recipient shall, both before and after the disclosure of any Confidential 
Information to a Permitted Person, inform such Permitted Pe rson of, and 
take all practical steps to impress upon him /her or it, the secret and 
confidential nature of the Confidential Information and the Recipient's 
obligations under this Agreement.  
5.3 The Recipient shall be responsible for procuring that the Permitte d Person 
abides by the provisions of this Agreement and agrees to be bound by the 
confidentiality undertakings given to the Disclosing Party by the Recipient in 
this Agreement.  The Recipient shall be responsible for any breach of the 
terms of this Ag reeme nt by any Permitted.  
5.4 A breach of the terms of this A greement by a permitted person may lead to 
the permitted person being held liable for damages as a consequenc e of 
the breach in solidium. In the alter native the permitted person may  be held 
TE NDA  
 
                     MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
32 
 
 jointly and se verally liable with the Recipient for damage s as a 
consequence of a breach of the terms of this Agreement.  
5.5 The Recipient shall (if requested to do so by the Disclosing Party) procure 
that the Permitted Person give a written undertaking in favour of the 
Disclosing Party in regard to the Confidential Information on substantially 
the same terms and conditions contained in this Agreement.  
6. FORCED DISCLOSURE  
6.1 In the event that the Recipient is required to disclose Confidential 
Information pursuant to a requirement  or request by operation of law, 
regulation or court order  or rules governing a securities exchange on which 
the Recipient is listed or about to be listed , it will – 
6.1.1  advise the Disclosing Party thereof in writing prior to disclosure, if 
possible;  
6.1.2  take such  steps to limit the disclosure to the minimum extent required 
to satisfy such requirement and to the extent that it lawfully and 
reasonably can;  
6.1.3  afford the Disclosing Party a reasonably opportunity, if possible, to 
intervene in any relevant proceedings;  
6.1.4  Comply with the Disclosing Party's reasonable requests as to the 
manner and terms of any such disclosure; and  
6.1.5  notify the Disclosing Party of the Recipient of, and the form and 
extent of, any such disclosure or announcement immediately after it 
is made  
7. EXCLUS IONS  
7.1 The determination of whether information is Confidential Information shall 
not be affected by whether or not such information is subject to, or 
TE NDA  
 
                     MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
33 
 
 protected by, common law or statute related to copyright, patent, 
trademarks or otherwise.  
7.2 If the Recipient  is uncertain as to whether any information is Confidential 
Information, the Recipient shall treat such information as confidential until 
the contrary is agreed by the Disclosing Party in writing.  
7.3 The undertakings given by the Recipient in this Agreement s hall not apply 
to any information which  – 
7.3.1  is or becomes generally available to the public other than by the 
negligence or default of the Recipient and/or any Permitted Person, 
or by the breach of this Agreement by any of them;  
7.3.2  the Disclosing Party confirms in writing is disclosed on a non -
confidential basis;  
7.3.3  has lawfully become known by or come into the possession of the 
Recipient on a non -confidential basis from a source other than the 
Disclosing Party or any of its Affiliates ha ving the legal right to 
disclose same, provided that such knowledge or possession is 
evidenced by the written records of the Recipient existing at the 
Signature Date ; 
7.3.4  has been rightfully acquired from a third party having an 
unrestricted legal right to dis close the same;  
7.3.5  which has been disclosed in accordance with the provisions of 
clause 6 ; and   
7.3.6  which is already known by the Receiving Party before disclosure.  
  provided that  – 
a) the onus shall at all times rest on the Recipient to establish that 
such informat ion falls within the e xclusions;  
TE NDA  
 
                     MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
34 
 
 b) information will not be deemed to be within the e xclusions merely 
because such information is embraced by more general information 
in the public domain or in the Recipient's possession; and  
c) any combination of featur es will not be deemed to be within the 
exclusions merely because individual features are in the public 
domain or in the Recipient's possession, but only if the combination 
itself and its principle of operation are in the public domain or in the 
Recipient's  possession.  
7.4 Specific information received by the Receiving Party shall not be deemed to 
be within any of the above exclusions merely because it is embraced by 
more general information within one of the said exclusions.  
7.5 Unless the Parties otherwise agree in writing, any documentation or records 
relating to the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information which comes into 
the possession of the Receiving Party during the existence of this 
Agreement:  
7.5.1  shall be deemed to form part of the Confidential Information of the 
Disclosing Party ; 
7.5.2  shall be deemed to be the property of the Disclosing Party;  
7.5.3  shall not be copied, reproduced, published or circulated by the 
Receiving Party;  
7.5.4  shall be surrendered to the disclo sing parties on request, and in any 
event on the termination of this Agreement, and the receiving 
parties shall not retain any extracts therefrom . 
8. TITLE  
All Confidential Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving 
Party is ackn owledged b y the Receiving Party:  
TE NDA  
 
                     MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
35 
 
 8.1 to be proprietary to the Disclosing Party; and  
8.2 not to confer any rights  of whatever nature in such Confidential Information 
to the Receiving Party.  
9. NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY  
9.1 Unless otherwise specifically agreed to by way of a written document 
signed by the Disclosing Party, the Disclosing Party – 
9.1.1  does not give or make any warranty, representation or undertaking, 
express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of any of 
the Confidential Information or other information re ceived by the 
Recipient or the Permitted Persons or as to the reasonableness of 
any assumptions on which any of the same is based;  
9.1.2  shall not be responsible or in any way liable for the use of the 
Confidential Information by the Recipient or the Permitted P ersons; 
and; 
9.1.3  is under no obligation to update or correct any inaccuracies which 
may become apparent in any of the Confidential Information.  
9.2 Notwithstanding the provisions of clause 9.1,  the Disclosing Party hereby 
represents and warrants to the Recipient t hat it is legally allowed to disclose 
Confidential Information to the Recipient and that any such Confidential 
Information shall be provided in good faith.  
10. STANDARD OF CARE  
The Recipient agrees that it shall protect the Confidential Information disclosed 
pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement using the same standard of care that 
it applies to safeguard its own proprietary, secret or confidential information, which 
shall at least be a reasonable standard of care, and that the Confidential 
Information shall be stored and handled in such a way as to prevent any 
unauthorised disclosure thereof. The Recipient shall immediately inform the 
TE NDA  
 
                     MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
36 
 
 Discloser if it becomes aware of any u nauthorised disclosure of the Confidential 
Information, and shall take all reasonable steps to minimise the damage caused 
by such unauthorised disclosure and/or further disclosure of the Confidential 
Information.  
<*$p$*>15. PUBLICITY 15.1 Subject to in terms of clause 4, each Party undertakes to keep confidential and not to disclose to any third party, save as may be required in law (including by the rules and/or listings requirements of any securities exchange on which the securities of a Party or its Affiliates may be listed, where applicable) or permitted in terms of this Agreement, the nature, content or existence of this Agreement. <*$p$*>15. PUBLICITY 15.1 Subject to in terms of clause 4, each Party undertakes to keep confidential and not to disclose to any third party, save as may be required in law (including by the rules and/or listings requirements of any securities exchange on which the securities of a Party or its Affiliates may be listed, where applicable) or permitted in terms of this Agreement, the nature, content or existence of this Agreement. <*$p$*>15. PUBLICITY 15.1 Subject to in terms of clause 4, each Party undertakes to keep confidential and not to disclose to any third party, save as may be required in law (including by the rules and/or listings requirements of any securities exchange on which the securities of a Party or its Affiliates may be listed, where applicable) or permitted in terms of this Agreement, the nature, content or existence of this Agreement. <*$p$*>15. PUBLICITY 15.1 Subject to in terms of clause 4, each Party undertakes to keep confidential and not to disclose to any third party, save as may be required in law (including by the rules and/or listings requirements of any securities exchange on which the securities of a Party or its Affiliates may be listed, where applicable) or permitted in terms of this Agreement, the nature, content or existence of this Agreement. 11. INDEMNITY The Recipient hereby accepts ful l liability for the maintenance of the confidentiality of the Confidential Information pertaining to the Disclosing Party and hereby (in addition to, and without affecting, any other rights or remedies the Disclosing Party may have) unconditionally and irr evocably indemnifies and holds the Disclosing Party and its Affiliates harmless against any and all actions, claims, demands, liabilities, damages, costs, losses or expenses (but specifically excluding any claims for indirect or consequential loss) directl y resulting from any breach by the Recipient, or any person to whom the Recipient has disclosed or given access to any part of the Confidential Information, of any of the provisions under this Agreement.<*$p$*><*$p$*><*$p$*><*$p$*>  
12. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY  
12.1 Notwithstanding any other provision o f this Agreement, neither Party shall 
be liable to the other Party for a claim in respect of any Consequential Loss.  
12.2 Neither Party shall  be liable for consequential da mages sustained by the 
other or a Permitted P erson as a di rect or indirect result of any  material 
breach of any warranty, representation or und ertaking given b y that P arty in 
terms of this Agreement,  unless:  
12.2.1  legal or arbitration proceedings against the defaulting party  in 
respect of each such claim is instituted by no later than the date of 
expiry of [24] months after the Effective Date;  
12.2.2  the other  party's liability in respect of such claim (together with any 
connected claims) exceeds R 1 million ; and 
TE NDA  
 
                     MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
37 
 
 12.2.3  and until the amount of the defaulting party's liability in respect of 
such clai m (together with any connected claims), whe n aggregated 
with that  party's liability for all substantiated claims that a re not 
excluded under clause 12.2.2 , exceeds R 1 million , in which case 
the defaulting party shall be liable for the whole amount claimed  
(and not just the amount by whic h the threshold in this clause 
12.2.2 is exceeded).  
12.3 For the purposes of this clause 12 , a claim is connected with another claim 
if the c laims arise from the same event or set of circumstances, or relate to 
the same subject matter.  
12.4 Any c laim by a Party  under this Agreement shall be reduced by the 
aggregate of:  
12.4.1  an amount equal to any tax benefit received by that Party  as a 
result thereof, based on the tax rate applicable at the time;  
12.4.2  an amount recovered or recoverable by that Party  from any third 
party in respect thereof;  
12.4.3  any amount recovered or recoverable by that Party under any 
insurance policy;  
12.4.4  any amount by which the subject matter of the claim has been or is 
made good or otherwise compensated for without cost to th e 
Recipient or permitted person; and  
12.4.5  Any amounts available for set -off or otherwise liable to  be deducted 
pursuant to clause 12.4 shall first be taken into account for the 
purpose of determining the loss sustained in connection with t he 
limits referred to in cl ause 12.2.2  
12.5 Nothing in this clause 12  shall in any way diminish or abrogate the a Party’s  
obligation or other duty under any Applicable Laws to mitigate its losses or 
TE NDA  
 
                     MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
38 
 
 damages including, without limitation, enforcing against any person (other 
than disclosin g party) any rights any member of th e defaulting party’ s Group 
has or may have in respect of the fact, matter or circumstance giving rise to 
the claim.   
12.6 Despite anything to the contrary elsewhere  in this Agreement, a Claim by a 
Party  shall not entitle that Party  to rec over any amount from the defaulting 
party in respect of more than one of such breach of representations, 
undertakings, warranties or indemnities, where such additional breach of 
representations and claim arises from or is attributable to the same cause of 
action.  
12.7 The provisions of this clause 12  shall survive the termination of this 
Agreement.  
13. RETURN OF INFORMATION  
13.1 The Disclosing Party may, at any time, request the Receiving Party to return 
any material containing, pertaining to or relating to Confidential Information 
and may, in addition request the Receiving Party to furnish a written 
statement to the effect that, upon such return, the Receiving Party has not 
retained in its possession, or under its control, either directly or indirectly, 
any such material.  
13.2 As an alternative to the return of the material contemplated in 7.1 above, 
the Receiving Party shall, at the instance of the disclosing parties, destroy, 
delete or procure the deletion of all Confidential Information from any 
computer , word processor or other device in the possession or c ontrol  of 
the Recipient or any permitted p erson  and furnish to the Disclosing Party 
with a written statement to the effect that such material has been destroyed 
or deleted.  
13.3 The Receiving  Party shall comply with a re quest, in terms of this clause 13 , 
within 10 (t en) days of receipt of such a request.  
TE NDA  
 
                     MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
39 
 
 13.4 The Recipient  shall not be required to return, destroy or delete Confidential 
Information to the extent that it is required to retain such Confidential 
Information by law or to satisfy the rules and regulations of a r egulatory 
body  to which the Recipient or any p ermitt ed p erson is subject.  For the 
avoidance of doubt, the obligations of confidentiality contained in this 
Agreement will continue to apply to such retained Confidential Information.  
14. REPRESENTATIVES  
The Recipient shall maintain and, upon request by the Disclosing Party, promptly 
provide a list containing the full name, title, location and function of each of its 
Representatives having access to or copies of the Confidential Information 
provided to it by t he Disclosing Party.  
15. PUBLICITY  
15.1 Subject to  in terms of  clause  4, each Party undertakes to keep confidential 
and not to disclose to any third party, save as may be required in law 
(including by the rules and/or listings requirements of any securities 
exchange on which the securities of a Party or its Affiliates may be listed, 
where applicable) or permitted in terms of this Agreement, the nature, 
content or existence of this Agreement.  
15.2 No announcements of any nature whatsoever will be made by or on behalf 
of a Party relating  to this Agreement without the prior written consent of the 
other Parties, save for any announcement or other statemen t required to be 
made in terms of the provisions of any law (or by the rules and/or listings 
requirements of any securities exchange on which the on which the 
securities of a Party or its Affiliates may be listed, where applicable), in 
which event the Part y obliged to make such statement will first consult with 
the other Parties to enable them in good faith to attempt to agree the 
content of such announcement, which (unless agreed) must go no further 
than is required in terms of such law or rules.  This wil l not apply to a Party 
TE NDA  
 
                     MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
40 
 
 wishing to respond to another Party which has made an announcement of 
some nature in breach of this clause 15.2. 
15.3 This clause 15 shall not apply to any disclosure made by a Party to a 
Permitted Person, provided that they have agreed to the same 
confidentiality undertakings,  or to any judicial or arbitral tribunal or officer, in 
connection with any matter relating to this Agreement or arising out of it . 
16. GENERAL WARRANTIES  
16.1 Each of the Parties hereby warrants to and in favour of the other that  – 
16.1.1  it has the legal capacity and ha s taken all necessary corporate 
action required to empower and authorise it to enter into this 
Agreement;  
16.1.2  this Agreement constitutes an agreement which is valid and binding 
on it, and against , it in accordance with its terms;  
16.1.3  the execution of this Agreement and the performance of its 
obligations hereunder does not and shall not  – 
16.1.3.1  contravene any law or regulation to which that Party is subject;  
16.1.3.2  contravene any provision of that Party's constitutional documents; 
or 
16.1.3.3  conflict with, or constitute a breach of any of the provisions of any 
other agreement, obligation, restriction or undertaking which is 
binding on it;  and  
16.1.3.4  to the best of its knowledge and belief, it is not aware of the 
existence of any fact or circumstance that may impair its ability to 
comply with all of its obligations in terms of this Agreement ;  
TE NDA  
 
                     MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
41 
 
 16.1.4  it is entering into this Agreement as principal (and not as a gent or in 
any other capacity);  
16.1.5  the natural person who signs and executes this Agreement on its 
behalf is validly and duly authorised to do so;  
16.1.6  no other party is acting as a fiduciary for it;  and  
16.1.7  it is not relying upon any statement or representation by o r on 
behalf of any other Party, except those expressly set forth in this 
Agreement.  
16.2 Each of the representations and warranties given by the Parties in terms of 
clause 16.1 shall – 
16.2.1  be a separate warranty and will in no way be limited or restricted by 
inference from the terms of any other warranty or by any other 
words in this Agreement;  
16.2.2  continue and remain in force notwithstanding the completion of an y 
or all the transactions contemplated in this Agreement; and  
16.2.3  prima facie be deemed to be material and to be a material 
representation inducing the other Party to enter into this Agreement.  
 
<*$p$*>9. NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY 9.1 Unless otherwise specifically agreed to by way of a written document signed by the Disclosing Party, the Disclosing Party – 9.1.1 does not give or make any warranty, representation or undertaking, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of any of the Confidential Information or other information re ceived by the Recipient or the Permitted Persons or as to the reasonableness of any assumptions on which any of the same is based; 9.1.2 shall not be responsible or in any way liable for the use of the Confidential Information by the Recipient or the Permitted P ersons; and; 9.1.3 is under no obligation to update or correct any inaccuracies which may become apparent in any of the Confidential Information. <*$p$*>9. NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY 9.1 Unless otherwise specifically agreed to by way of a written document signed by the Disclosing Party, the Disclosing Party – 9.1.1 does not give or make any warranty, representation or undertaking, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of any of the Confidential Information or other information re ceived by the Recipient or the Permitted Persons or as to the reasonableness of any assumptions on which any of the same is based; 9.1.2 shall not be responsible or in any way liable for the use of the Confidential Information by the Recipient or the Permitted P ersons; and; 9.1.3 is under no obligation to update or correct any inaccuracies which may become apparent in any of the Confidential Information. <*$p$*>9. NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY 9.1 Unless otherwise specifically agreed to by way of a written document signed by the Disclosing Party, the Disclosing Party – 9.1.1 does not give or make any warranty, representation or undertaking, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of any of the Confidential Information or other information re ceived by the Recipient or the Permitted Persons or as to the reasonableness of any assumptions on which any of the same is based; 9.1.2 shall not be responsible or in any way liable for the use of the Confidential Information by the Recipient or the Permitted P ersons; and; 9.1.3 is under no obligation to update or correct any inaccuracies which may become apparent in any of the Confidential Information. <*$p$*>9. NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY 9.1 Unless otherwise specifically agreed to by way of a written document signed by the Disclosing Party, the Disclosing Party – 9.1.1 does not give or make any warranty, representation or undertaking, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of any of the Confidential Information or other information re ceived by the Recipient or the Permitted Persons or as to the reasonableness of any assumptions on which any of the same is based; 9.1.2 shall not be responsible or in any way liable for the use of the Confidential Information by the Recipient or the Permitted P ersons; and; 9.1.3 is under no obligation to update or correct any inaccuracies which may become apparent in any of the Confidential Information. 17. GOVERNING LAW 17.1 This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted i n accordance with the law in the Republic of South Africa. 17.2 The parties submit to the non -exclusive jurisdiction of the North Gauteng High Court, Pretoria or its successor and they agree that all disputes arising from the conclusion or interpretation of t his Agreement may be heard by such court.<*$p$*><*$p$*><*$p$*><*$p$*>  
TE NDA  
 
                     MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
42 
 
 18. BREACH  
18.1 Without prejudice to the other rights of the Disclosing Party, in the event of 
any unauthorised disclosure or use of the Confidential Information which is 
or is reasonably likely to constitute a breach of any provision of this 
Agreement, the Recipient shall, at the sole cost of the Recipient – 
18.1.1  immediately notify the Disclosing Party in writing and take such 
steps as the Disclosing Party may reasonably require in order to 
remedy or mitigate the effects of su ch actual or threatened breach; 
and; 
18.1.2  use all reasonable commercial endeavours to assist the Disclosing 
Party in recovering and preventing the use, dissemination, sale or 
other disposal of such Confidential Information.  
18.2 The Parties acknowledge and agree tha t – 
18.2.1  cancellation is not an appropriate remedy for breach of this 
Agreement and this Agreement may not be cancelled or terminated 
save by written agreement between the Parties; and  
18.2.2  damages alone may not be an adequate remedy for any breach of 
the obligation s set out in this Agreement and that the remedies of 
interdict, specific performance and any other equitable relief are 
appropriate for any threatened or actual breach of this Agreement.  
The Disclosing Party will be entitled to apply for such remedy, in 
addition to any other remedy to which it may be entitled in law 
(other than the remedy of cancellation).  
18.3 Accordingly, in the event of any breach or threatened breach by the 
Receiving Party or any of its employees, professional advisors, agents and 
consultan ts of the provisions of this Agreement, the Disclosing Party shall 
be entitled, without prejudice to and in addition to any other rights or 
remedies under this Agreement or at law, to enforce the performance of the 
TE NDA  
 
                     MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
43 
 
 provisions of this Agreement by interdict  or specific performance upon 
application to a court of competent jurisdiction without proof of actual 
damage and notwithstanding that in any particular case damages may be 
readily quantifiable, and the Receiving Party may not plead sufficiency of 
damages as a defence in any proceeding for injunctive relief.  
<*$p$*>1. PARTIES 1.1 The parties to this Agreement are: - TRANSNET ENGINEERING And Herewith referred to as the RECEIVING Parties 1.2 The parties agree as set out below. <*$p$*>1. PARTIES 1.1 The parties to this Agreement are: - TRANSNET ENGINEERING And Herewith referred to as the RECEIVING Parties 1.2 The parties agree as set out below. <*$p$*>1. PARTIES 1.1 The parties to this Agreement are: - TRANSNET ENGINEERING And Herewith referred to as the RECEIVING Parties 1.2 The parties agree as set out below. <*$p$*>1. PARTIES 1.1 The parties to this Agreement are: - TRANSNET ENGINEERING And Herewith referred to as the RECEIVING Parties 1.2 The parties agree as set out below. 19. DURATION The confidentiality undertaking as set out herein shall commence on the earliest of the first date on which any of the Parties released any Confidential Information to the other Party or the Ef fective Date and shall endure for a period of 10 (ten) years thereafter.<*$p$*><*$p$*><*$p$*><*$p$*>  
<*$p$*>27. RELAXATION 27.1 A Party that is of the view that a Dispute has arisen shall give written notice thereof to the other Parties, provided that such notice shall clearly identify the D ispute and provide full particularity thereof, and the Parties shall thereafter take immediate steps to attempt to resolve the Dispute through their senior executives or other representatives who have the necessary authority to make binding decisions with respect to such Dispute (Senior Executives).<*$p$*>  
20.2 If the Senior Executives cannot agree on a resolution of the Dispute within 
15 Business Days of receipt of the notice referred to in clause 19.1, then the 
Dispute may be referred within a further period of 20 B usiness Days 
(Arbitration Initiating Period) to arbitration in accordance with this clause 19 
unless the Parties agree in writing prior to the expiry of the Arbitration 
Initiating Period to refer such Dispute for expert determination in 
accordance with thi s clause 19.  
20.3 Should AFSA, as an institution, not be operating at that time or not be 
accepting requests for arbitration for any reason, then the arbitration shall 
be conducted in accordance with the AFSA rules for commercial arbitration 
(as last applied by  AFSA) before an arbitrator appointed by agreement 
TE NDA  
 
                     MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
44 
 
 between the parties to the dispute or failing agreement within 10 (ten) 
business days of the demand for arbitration, then any party to the dispute 
shall be entitled to forthwith call upon the chairperson o f the Johannesburg 
Bar Council to nominate the arbitrator, provided that the person so 
nominated shall be an advocate of not less than 10 (ten) years standing as 
such.  The person so nominated shall be the duly appointed arbitrator in 
respect of the disput e.  In the event of the attorneys of the parties to the 
dispute failing to agree on any matter relating to the administration of the 
arbitration, such matter shall be referred to and decided by the arbitrator 
whose decision shall be final and binding on th e parties to the dispute.  
20.4 Any party to the arbitration may appeal the decision of the arbitrator or 
arbitrators in terms of the AFSA rules for commercial arbitration.  
20.5 Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to prevent or prohibit a party to 
the arbitratio n from applying to the appropriate court for urgent relief or for 
judgment in relation to a liquidated claim.  
20.6 Any arbitration in terms of this clause 19 (including any appeal proceedings) 
shall be conducted in camera and the Parties shall treat as confiden tial 
details of the dispute submitted to arbitration, the conduct of the arbitration 
proceedings and the outcome of the arbitration.  
20.7 This clause 19 will continue to be binding on the Parties notwithstanding 
any termination or cancellation of the Agreement.  
20.8 The Parties agree that the written demand by a party to the  dispute in terms 
of clause 19  that the dispute or difference be submitted to arbitration, is to 
be deemed to be a legal process for the purpose of interrupting  extinctive 
prescription in terms of the Prescription Act, 1969.  
21. NOTICES AND DOMICILIA  
21.1 The parties choose as their domicilia  citandi  et executandi  their respective 
addressed set out in this clause for all purposes arising out of or in 
TE NDA  
 
                     MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
45 
 
 connection with this Agreement at which addresses all processes and 
notices arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, its breach or 
termination may validly be served upon or delivered to the parties.  
21.2 For purposes of this Agreement the parties' respective addresses shall be: - 
21.2.1  (Insert name)  
………………………………  
………………………………  
……………………………..  
     
21.2.2  Receiving Parties (Insert name)  
………………………………  
 ………………………………  
 ……………………………….  
or at such other address, not being a post office box or poste restante , of 
which the parties concerned may notify the other/s in writing.  
21.3 Any notice given in terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall - 
21.3.1  if delivered by hand be deemed to have been duly received by the 
addressee on the date of delivery;  
21.3.2  sent by courier in a correctly addressed envelope to it at its chosen  
address  shall be deemed to have been received on the 3rd 
business day after sending (unless the contrary is proved);  
21.3.3  if transmitted by facsimile be deemed to have been received by the 
addres see 1 (one) day after despatch.  
TE NDA  
 
                     MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
46 
 
 21.4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, a 
written notice or communication actually received by one of the parties from 
another including by way of e -mail or facsimile transmission shall be 
adequ ate written notice or communication to such parties.  
22. BENEFIT OF THE AGREEMENT  
22.1 The undertakings given by the Recipient in this Agreement shall be for the 
benefit of and may be enforced by the Disclosing Party, any of its Affiliates, 
any current or future shareholder of the Disclosing Part y and any 
successors -in-title. The undertakings shall be deemed to have been 
imposed as a stipulation alteri  for the benefit of any Affiliate of the 
Disclosing Party, any third party which becomes a shareholder in the 
Disclosing Party and any successor -in-title and such benefit may be 
accepted by such person in writing at any time.  The fact that any 
undertaking may not be enforceable by one of them will not affect its 
enforceability by any other party.  
22.2 For the purposes of clause 22.1, the term "successors -in-title" shall include 
any third party which acquires  – 
15.1.1.  the business of the Disclosing Party or any part thereof ; or 
15.1.2.  pursuant to any permissible cession, the right to enforce the 
undertakings embodied in this Agreement.  
23. WHOLE AGREEMENT  
This Agreement constitutes the whole Agreement between the parties as to the 
subject -matter hereof and no Agreements, representation s or warranties 
between the parties other than those set out herein are binding on the parties.  
 
 
TE NDA  
 
                     MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
47 
 
 24. VARIATION  
No addition to or variation, consensual cancellation or novation of this 
Agreement, or of this clause, and no waiver of any right arising from this 
Agreement or its breach or termination shall be of any force or effect unless 
reduced to writing and signed by both/either the parties or their duly authorised 
representatives.  
25. CONTINUING EFFECTIVENESS OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS  
The expiration or termination of  this Agreement shall not affect such of the 
provisions of this Agreement as expressly provide that they will operate after any 
such expiration or termination or which of necessity must continue to have effect 
after such expiration or termination, notwiths tanding that the clauses themselves 
do not expressly provide for this.  
26. NO ASSIGNMENT  
Neither this Agreement nor any part, share or interest herein nor any rights or 
obligations hereunder may be ceded, delegated or assigned by either Party 
without the prior  signed written consent of the other Party, save as otherwise 
provided herein.  
27. RELAXATION  
No latitude, extension of time or other indulgence which may be given or allowed 
by any/either party to any other party in respect of the performance of any 
obligatio n hereunder or the enforcement of any right arising from this Agreement 
and no single or partial exercise of any right by any party shall under any 
circumstances be construed to be an implied consent by such party or operate as 
a waiver or a novation of , or otherwise affect any of that party's rights in terms of 
or arising from this Agreement or stop such party from enforcing, at any time and 
without notice, strict and punctual compliance with each and every provision or 
term hereof.  
TE NDA  
 
                     MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
48 
 
  
28. COSTS  
28.1 Each party shal l pay its own costs associated with the negotiation, drafting 
and implementation of this Agreement.  
28.2 Should either party breach any term and/or condition of this Agreement, it 
shall be liable to pay costs on an attorney and own client scale as may be 
incur red by any aggrieved party in successfully enforcing its rights in terms 
of this Agreement.  
 
TRANSNET SOC LTD.  SUPPLIER  
  
  
Name:  Name:  
Position:  Position:  
Signature:  Signature:  
Date:  Date:  
  
 
 
AS WITNESS:  AS WITNESS:  
Name:  Name:  
Signature:  Signature:  
Date:  Date:  
 
AS WITNESS:  AS WITNESS:  
Name:  Name:  
Signature:  Signature:  
Date:  Date:  
TE NDA  
 
                     MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
49 
 
  
 
 
 
 