 
 
 
NON DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT   
1. Confidentiality  
I. Supplier agrees to keep strictly confidential all documents, records, 
correspondence and transactions in any form concerning the operation or 
business of Vedrova, Group TP&H or its customers.  
II. Supplier shall not disclose or use any confidential information, unless and to 
the extent:  
a) Such matter is at that time in the public domain  
b) If it is compelled by any governmental  or judicial authority to disclose 
any such information; or  
c) It is required t o disclose or use such information, to the extent 
necessary to provide the services.  
III. Supplier will refrain from any operational and commercial contact with 
Vedrova’ s customers. Supplier will respect Vedrova’ s commercial interests 
with these customers an d will not approach any of Vedrova’ s customers with 
the purpose to directly or indirectly offer and provide logistic services, which 
are in scope of this Agreement or part of the services Vedrova provides to 
these customers.  
IV. Without limitation to clause I., Vedrova’ s confidential information includes 
any and all of its customer information, supplier information, internal 
processes, standard operating procedures, strategies, business information 
and rates.  
 
2. Ownership  
Supplier acknowledges Vedrova’ s owne rship in all confidential information, and its 
marks, names, data, systems and processes and supplier acquires no rights in any 
of these.  
 
3. General terms  
I. Any additions or modifications to the agreement are only binding if made in 
writing and signed on beh alf of both parties.  
II. Any notices given by either party under this agreement shall be addressed to 
the individuals who sign this agreement, or other individuals agreed in writing 
by the parties.  
III. This agreement contains the entire understanding between the parties 
regarding the use and disclosure of confidential information.  
IV. The terms of this agreement shall continue without limitation of time.  
V. The parties agree that damages may not be an adequate remedy for any 
breach of this agreement by supplier. Supplier shall indemnify Vedrova 
against any claim, loss, damage or cost arising out of any breach of this 
agreement or other mis -use or unlawful dis closure of any confidential 
information. Vedrova is entitled to equitable or injunction relief.  
 
 
 
 
4. Group clause  
The provisions in this agreement applicable to Vedrova are also applicable to the 
Group TP&H, and any confidential information of the Group TP& H. Group TP&H 
means Vedrova and any other company or entity which is directly or indirectly owned 
or controlled by Group TP&H, and including any direct or indirect affiliate, subsidiary, 
joint venture or sub -contractor of customer or any such company or en tity.  
 
5. Governing law and dispute resolution  
I. This agreement is subject to Belgian law  
II. The parties shall attempt, in an amicable manner, to settle any dispute which 
may arise under this agreement. If any such dispute cannot be resolved by 
negotiation, it sh all as far as legally permissible and in compliance with 
statutory provisions, referred to the exclusive jurisdiction of the court in 
Antwerp.  