 PURCHASING & SUPPLY GROUP 
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT:  EXECUTION COPY  1   
 
This CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT  (the “Agreement”) is made effective as of the [ ●] day of [ ●], 201[●] 
by and between Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP  (“CGSH”), a limited liability partnership with 
registered offices at 2000 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20006 (the “Premises”), and [ ●] (the 
“Supplier”) with registered office at [ ●] (each a “Party,” and, together, the “Parties”). Fo r the purposes of this 
Agreement, CGSH includes its wholly owned subsidiaries , as well as its affiliates, branches, and offices both 
in and outside the United States , and the Premises includes all offices of the foregoing. 
In consideration of CGSH hiring the Supplier to perform [ ●] services (the “Services”), including as may be 
set forth in an agreement between the Parties (the “Services Agreement”), and since the Supplier may be 
provided with or come into contact with confidential and proprietary information belonging to CGSH or its 
clients (each a “Disclosing Party” and together the “Discl osing Parties”) in connection with its provision of 
Services, the Supplier hereby agrees as follows: 
1. SUPPLIER’S DUTY OF NON-DISCLOSURE 
A. “Confidential Information” means all confidential,  proprietary, or non-public information of the 
Disclosing Parties (however recorded or preserved)  that is disclosed or made available, directly 
or indirectly, by CGSH or its respective employ ees, officers, representatives or advisors to the 
Supplier or its affiliates, repres entatives, employees or agents, relating to the business of such 
Disclosing Party or that otherwis e by its nature would be reasonab ly understood as confidential, 
whether provided in written or oral form and in any manner whatsoever.  Without limiting the 
foregoing, Confidential Information may include c onfidential or proprietary information owned by a 
third party and used under license by a Disclosing Party. 
B. The Supplier agrees that it may only access and interact with any Confidential Information made 
available to it to the extent necessary for it to perform the Services.  The Supplier further agrees 
that, as a recipient of Confidential Information:  (i) except as expressly permitted by an applicable 
Services Agreement, it shall not, for any purpose, use, disclose, reproduce, transfer or reduce to 
writing or otherwise record the Confidential Informa tion; (ii) it shall maintain in confidence the 
Confidential Information and shall, with respect to  such Confidential Information, use the same 
degree of care and exercise reasonable efforts to pr otect such Confidential Information as it uses 
and exercises with respect to protecting its own si milar confidential and/or proprietary information, 
but in all events no less than reasonable efforts and care; (iii) it shall only disclose Confidential 
Information to those of its or its affiliates’ employ ees (a) to whom it is necessary to disclose such 
Confidential Information for performance of the Se rvices, (b) to whom it has advised of the terms 
of this Agreement, and (c) who have agreed in writing to be bound by the terms of this 
Agreement; (iv) it shall cause the employees to  whom the Confidential Information is disclosed 
pursuant to Section 1.B(iii) to comply with the te rms of this Agreement, and it shall be responsible 
for such compliance and fully liable for any failure to comply; and (v) except as set forth in Section 
1.B(iii), it shall not disclose or in any way di sseminate or make available any Confidential 
Information disclosed or otherwise made available to  it or in its possession to any other party.   
C. The Supplier shall be responsible for any breach  of the terms of this Agreement by it and its 
affiliates, and their respective  representatives, employees a nd agents, and shall take all 
reasonable measures to prevent such parties fr om using, disclosing, reproducing, transferring, 
reducing to writing or otherwise recording the Confidential Information as prohibited by this 
Agreement.  If it becomes known to the Supplier t hat (i) it or its affiliates, representatives, 
employees or agents have breached any of the te rms of this Agreement, or (ii) facts and/or 
circumstances exist that could be reasonably expect ed to result in disclosure of any Confidential 
Information, the Supplier shall in each case immedi ately notify CGSH of such breach, facts and/or 
 PURCHASING & SUPPLY GROUP 
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT:  EXECUTION COPY 2   
 
circumstances, and, in the case of (ii), shall use its best efforts to remedy the facts and/or 
circumstances that would lead to such disclosur e (to the extent such fa cts and/or circumstances 
may be within the Supplier’s control upon such exercise of best efforts). 
D. The Supplier agrees that the re strictions on use and disclosure of Confidential Information under 
this Agreement shall not apply to the Supplier for information that: (i) is now or hereafter 
becomes, through no act or failure to act on the par t of the Supplier, generally known or available 
to the public other than through a breach of an obligation of confidentia lity to CGSH; (ii) was 
known to the Supplier prior to encountering su ch information from the performance of its 
Services; (iii) was lawfully obtained by the Supplie r from third parties, provided that such third 
parties were not restricted or obligated to keep such information confidential; or (iv) is required to 
be disclosed by law, any order of court or any  competent regulatory authority, subject to the 
further provisions of this clause.  In the event that the Supplier is requir ed to disclose Confidential 
Information pursuant to the requirements of applicab le law, rules, regulations, court or other 
governmental authority, the Supplier shall provide pr ompt advance notice (in wr iting, if practical) 
to CGSH in order to enable CGSH to contes t such requirement of disclosure or seek an 
appropriate protective order, and shall disclose su ch Confidential Information only to the extent 
the Supplier reasonably determines it is lega lly compelled to disclose such Confidential 
Information and with respect to wh ich it agrees to exercise its best efforts to obtain reliable 
assurance that confidential treat ment will be accorded therefor. 
E. Confidential Information disclosed or made av ailable under this Agreement and any intellectual 
property or proprietary rights ther ein are and shall remain the property of CGSH.  Nothing in this 
Agreement shall be construed to imply the grant of  any license to make, use or sell or otherwise 
commercialize any Confidential Information. Fu rther, the Supplier acknowledges that any 
Confidential Information disclosed or made ava ilable to it is provided “AS IS” and that EACH 
DISCLOSING PARTY MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE WITH RESPECT TO ITS CONFID ENTIAL INFORMATION, INCLUDING BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO, THE QUALITY, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, CORRECTNESS OR COMPLETENESS OF SUCH CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES. 
F. Upon the termination of the Services for any reas on or at the written request of a Disclosing Party 
at any time, the Supplier shall destroy (and promptly  deliver a certification of such destruction) or 
promptly deliver to each Disclosing Party, or to the requesting Disclosing Party as the case may be, all tangible embodiments of such Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information in the Supplier’s 
or its employees’ possession, including but no t limited to copies, notes, packages, pictures, 
diagrams, computer memory media and all other tangible embodiments of, or materials containing, any portion of the Confidential Information.   
2. DATA PROTECTION 
Each Party shall (and shall procure that each of its relevant affiliates shall), and shall use 
reasonable endeavors to procure that any third party subcontractors shall, comply with their 
respective obligations under all applicable law regarding data protection in relation to all Personal Data and Confidential Information (together, “Protected Data”) that is processed by it in the course 
of performing its obligations under this Agreemen t, and take such steps as are reasonably required 
by the other Party to ensure that the other Party is able to comply with such law.  This includes maintaining a valid and up to date registration or notification under applicable law relating to data 
protection.  “Personal Data” and “processing” and “processed” (when used in the context of 
 PURCHASING & SUPPLY GROUP 
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT:  EXECUTION COPY 3   
 
Personal Data) have the meanings given to thos e terms in the EU Data Protection Directive 
95/46/EC and the applicable implementing legislat ion in any country including the Data Protection 
Act 1998 (the “Data Protection Laws”). 
CGSH acknowledges that, to the extent the Supplie r is a data processor within the meaning of the 
Data Protection Laws, the Supplier shall (and shal l use all reasonable endeavors to ensure that its 
sub-contractors shall) (i) only process Confid ential Information, including any client data, in 
accordance with CGSH’s instructions and (ii) bring into effect and maintain all reasonable technical 
and organizational measures to maintain security, prevent unauthorized or unlawful access to or processing of Personal Data, and accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, Personal Data, having regard to the state of technological development and the cost of implementing the 
measures, so as to ensure a level of security a ppropriate to:  (A) the harm that may result from 
breach of those measures; and (B) the nature of the Perso nal Data to be protected. 
Further, the Data Protection Laws make it mand atory that CGSH obtain contractual guarantees 
from all third parties who will be given access to or who become aware of Protected Data during 
the course of their visits to the Premises in or der that they may undertake the role of a service 
provider. The Data Protection Laws also require CGSH to ensure they have measures in place to prevent the unauthorized or unlawful use of Pr otected Data and to prevent accidental loss, 
destruction or damage to any personal information.  The Supplier must therefore ensure, by way of 
written contract between it and its employees, subcontractors and individuals visiting the Premises 
on the Supplier’s behalf (each a “Contractor” and, toget her, the “Contractors”), that if at any time a 
Contractor becomes aware of Protected Data the Su pplier or its Contractors will not (i) share this 
information with anyone outside of CGSH, (ii) take  any information away from the Premises, and/or 
(iii) duplicate or copy any Protected Data. 
3. SURVIVAL; REMEDY 
A. This Agreement and the obligations herein shall survive indefinitely, regardless of whether or not 
the Supplier is still providi ng Services at the Premises. 
B. The Supplier acknowledges that the unauthori zed use or disclosure of a Disclosing Party’s 
Confidential Information or any breach of this  Agreement by the Supplier may cause such 
Disclosing Party to suffer irreparable injury not compensable by monetary damages and for which such Disclosing Party may not have an adequate remedy at law.  Accordingly, the Supplier agrees that CGSH will have the right to seek, wi thout the posting of any bond or security or the 
giving of any undertaking as to damages or otherwi se, specific performance or other injunctive or 
equitable relief from a court of competent juri sdiction as may be necessary or desirable to 
prevent, curtail or remedy any such unauthorized us e or disclosure, whether threatened or actual.  
The rights of CGSH set forth in this paragraph shall be in addition to, and without prejudice to, 
any other rights that CGSH may have her eunder, whether at law or in equity. 
4. MISCELLANEOUS 
A. To the extent any applicable Services Agreement  contains terms with respect to confidentiality 
that conflict with, or are less restrictive with re spect to the Supplier’s obligations than, those set 
forth in Sections 1-3 herein, the terms of this Agreement govern. 
B. This Agreement shall be governed by and constr ued in accordance with the laws of the State of 
New York, without regard to its conflict of laws pr ovisions.  The Parties hereby agree and consent 
 PURCHASING & SUPPLY GROUP 
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT:  EXECUTION COPY 4   
 
to the personal jurisdiction of any federal or stat e court of competent jurisdiction sitting in the 
County and State of New York with respect to claims arising under or in connection with this Agreement.   
C. All notices, requests, consents, demands and other communications provided for by this 
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and received when sent by first class mail at any general or branch post office enclosed in a registered or certified postpaid envelope, 
addressed to the Parties at the addresses set fort h at the beginning of this Agreement, with a 
copy to the attention of the respective Parties as follows: 
CGSH: Purchasing & Supply Group 
Supplier:  [e.g. General Counsel,] 
or to such changed address as su ch Parties may have fixed by notice; provided, however, that any 
notice of change of address shall be effective only up on receipt.  If any provision of this Agreement 
is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule, law or public policy, all other conditions 
and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect.  Upon such 
determination that any provision is  invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, such provision 
shall be construed by the appropriate judicial body by limiting and reducing such provision so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent under applicab le law and consistent with the original intent 
of the Parties.  This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the 
Parties as to the subject matter hereof and merges and supersedes all prior discussions, 
agreements and understandings of any kind and ev ery nature between the Parties.  Any and all 
prior arrangements, representations, promises, under standings and conditions in connection with 
such matter, and any representations, promises or conditions not expressl y incorporated herein or 
expressly made a part hereof shall not be bindin g upon any Party.  This Agreement shall not 
establish any relationship of partnership, joint v enture, employment, franchise or agency between 
the Parties and shall not be construed to create any obl igation on the part of either Party to retain 
the services of or to compensat e the other Party in any manner.  This Agreement may be executed 
in one or more counterparts, each of which sha ll be deemed an original and all of which taken 
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly 
authorized representatives as of the day and year first above written. 
[Signature page follows ] 
  
 PURCHASING & SUPPLY GROUP 
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT:  EXECUTION COPY 5   
 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP [●] 
By:   By:   
(Signature) (Signature) 
Name:   Name:   
(type or print) (type or print) 
Title:   Title:   
(type or print) (type or print) 
 
  