SM-FM-14-01 REV 1  
07/2015   
RECIPROCAL NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
This Reciprocal Non -Disclosure Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into between  Curtiss -
Wright Electro -Mechanical Corporation, a Delaware corporation, having a place of business  
located  at 1000 Wright Way, Cheswick, PA 15024, 1185 Feather Way, Bethlehem, PA 18015  and 
291 Westec Drive , Mt. Pleasant, PA 15666  (collectively, "Curtiss -Wright") and    
  , having an address at      (“Company”).  
 
RECITAL S 
 
Curtiss -Wright and Company (as to proprie tary information disclosed by it, the “Disclosing 
Party”) desire to provide the other party (as to the information received by it, the “Recipient”) 
certain proprietary information for the purpose of [example - internal review in relation to a 
potential bus iness relationship between the parties]  (the “Purpose”).  
 
AGREEMENT  
 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the following covenants and agreements, and intending 
to be legally bound hereby, Curtiss -Wright and Company hereby agree as follows:  
 
1. DEFINITIONS  
“Affiliate”  means any entity (including without limitation any individual, corporation, company, 
partnership, limited liability company or group) that directly, or indirectly through one or more 
intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common  control with such party.  
“Authorized Parties”  means directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors, representatives, 
service providers, consultants and/or sub -contractors.  
“Proprietary Information”  means confidential, non -public or other proprietary in formation 
including, without limitation, trade secrets, technical information, including algorithms, code, 
data, designs, documentation, drawings, formulae, hardware, software, know -how, ideas, 
inventions, whether patentable or not, photographs, recordings , procedures, processes, reports, 
research, samples, sketches, specifications, operations, plans, products, financial information, 
including pricing and other proprietary information that is disclosed under the terms of this 
Agreement by Disclosing Party o r its Affiliates to the Recipient.   Proprietary Information shall be 
marked as proprietary, confidential or with another suitable legend at the time of disclosure or 
otherwise designated in writing as proprietary by the Disclosing Party within thirty (30) days of 
disclosure.  Proprietary Information shall not include information which: (i) is or becomes a part 
of the public domain without any action by, or involvement of, Recipient, its Affiliates, or its or 
their Authorized Parties; (ii) is received by Rec ipient, its Affiliates, or its or their Authorized 
Parties from a third party without a duty of confidentiality owed to the Disclosing Party; (iii) is 
independently developed by Recipient, its Affiliates, or its or their Authorized Parties without use 
of or without reference to the Proprietary Information; (iv) is already in the possession of 
Recipient, its Affiliates, or its or their Authorized Parties and Recipient, its Affiliates, or its or 
their Authorized Parties can demonstrate with written proof that  the information was in the 
possession of Recipient, its Affiliates, or its or their Authorized Parties prior to the disclosure of 
the Proprietary Information by the Disclosing Party; or (v) is disclosed by Recipient, its 
Affiliates, or its or their Author ized Parties with the prior written approval of the Disclosing 
Party.  
SM-FM-14-01 REV 1  
07/2015  2  
2. CONFIDENTIALITY  
2.1.  Curtiss -Wright and Company agree that, as a condition to the receipt of Proprietary 
Information hereunder, Recipient shall: (i) not disclose, directly or indire ctly, to any third party 
any portion of the Proprietary Information without the prior written consent of the Disclosing 
Party (except to its Affiliates, and its or their Authorized Parties who have a need to know the 
Proprietary Information and only to the  extent necessary for the Purpose); (ii) not use the 
Proprietary Information except for the Purpose; (iii) promptly return or destroy, at the Disclosing 
Party’s request, all materials and documentation containing the Proprietary Information received 
hereun der except for copies of any computer records or electronic files containing the Proprietary 
Information, which have been created by automated processes such as archiving or back -up 
procedures; (iv) take all reasonably necessary precautions to protect the confidentiality of the 
Proprietary Information received hereunder and exercise at least the same degree of care in 
safeguarding the Proprietary Information as Recipient, its Affiliates, or its or their Authorized 
Parties would with its own proprietary info rmation; (v) inform all Authorized Parties of Recipient 
and its Affiliates to whom Proprietary Information may be disclosed or made available of the 
proprietary interest of the Disclosing Party therein and of the obligations of Recipient with 
respect there to; and (vi) promptly advise the Disclosing Party in writing upon learning of any 
unauthorized use or disclosure of the Proprietary Information.  
 
2.2.  The Recipient further agrees that prior to disclosing any Proprietary Information to its 
Affiliates, or its or their Authorized Parties, as allowed hereunder, the Receiving Party shall 
advise such Affiliates and/or Authorized Parties of the proprietary n ature of the Proprietary 
Information, and either: (x) direct them to abide by the terms of this Agreement; or (y) ensure that 
they are under written agreement with the Recipient that establishes non -disclosure and limited 
use restrictions regarding the Pro prietary Information that are no less restrictive than those set 
forth herein.  The Recipient agrees to be responsible for any breach of this Agreement by its 
Affiliates and its or their Authorized Parties.  
 
2.3.  Curtiss -Wright and Company agree that Prop rietary Information may be disclosed under this 
Agreement with appropriate restrictive legends provided thereon to the U.S. Government under 
the provisions of FAR, or similar regulations of other Government agencies limiting use and 
disclosure, but only to  the extent such limited use or disclosure is specifically related to the 
Purpose.  If either party or any of their respective Affiliates or Authorized Parties is requested or 
required, by interrogatories, subpoena, or similar legal process, to disclose an y Proprietary 
Information, such party agrees to provide the Disclosing Party with prompt written notice of each 
such request, to the extent practicable, so that the Disclosing Party may seek an appropriate 
protective order, waive compliance by the Recipien t with the provisions of this Agreement, or 
both.  If, absent the entry of a protective order or receipt of a waiver, the Recipient is, in the 
opinion of its counsel, legally compelled to disclose such Proprietary Information, the Recipient 
may disclose su ch Proprietary Information to the persons and to the extent required without 
liability under this Agreement and will use best efforts to obtain confidential treatment for any 
Proprietary Information so disclosed.  
 
2.4. This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date below and shall expire three 
(3) years after the Effective Date. Either party may terminate this Agreement without cause by 
giving thirty (30) days prior written notice of termination to the other party.  The obligation of 
confidentia lity and non -disclosure with respect to Proprietary Information shall expire on the later 
of the date: (i) that is five (5) years from the Effective Date below; or (ii) when the Proprietary 
Information is no longer protected as a trade secret under applica ble law.  
 
SM-FM-14-01 REV 1  
07/2015  3 3. EXPORT CONTROL  
<*$p$*>Recipient agrees that it will not export, re -export, resell or transfer, or otherwise ship or deliver any Proprietary Information, product, assembly, component or any technical data or software.<*$p$*>  <*$p$*>The Recipient shall indemnify and hold the Disclosing Party harmless from all claims, demands, damages, costs, fines, penalties, attorneys’ fees and all other expenses.<*$p$*>  
 
4. MISCELLANEOUS  
The Disclosing Party retains all right, title and interest in and to its Proprietary Information and, 
except as provided herein, no lice nse or other right, express or implied is hereby transferred to the 
Receiving Party, including any license by implication, estoppel or otherwise, under any 
copyrights, mask works, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other proprietary rights now held 
by, or which may be obtained by, or which is or may be licensable by the Disclosing Party.  
NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY WARRANTIES REGARDING ITS PROPRIETARY 
INFORMATION AND THE PROPRIETARY INFORMATION IS PROVIDED “AS IS”.  
EACH PARTY DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLI ED WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT 
TO ITS PROPRIETARY INFORMATION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL 
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE AND THE WARRANTY OF NON -INFRINGEMENT.  This Agreement s hall be 
governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania  without regard to principles of 
conflicts of law.  The parties agree to submit to the jurisdiction of  the court s located in the  
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania as appropriate, in litigating any dispute hereunder.  Neither part y 
may assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party which consent 
shall not be unreasonably withheld.  Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding 
upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their perm itted successors and assigns.  
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Curtiss -Wright and Company have entered into this Agreement as of 
the Effective Date set forth below.  
 
Curtiss -Wright Electro -Mechanical Corporation  [insert Company name]    
 
By:   By:       
 
Name:   Name:       
 
Title:   Title:       
 
Effective Date:    
 
 