1 
  
 
NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
THIS AGREEMENT  is made on [ Insert the date you all sign the agreement ]. 
BETWEEN:  
(1) [Insert your company name ] incorporated under the laws of Belgium  with company number 
[Insert registered company number ] whose register ed office is at [ Insert address ]; and  
(2) [Insert the company name of the other company ] incorporated under the law of [ Belgium  
OR insert relevant jurisdiction ] with company number [ Insert registered company number ] 
whose registered office is at [ Insert address ]. 
BACKGROUND:  
The parties wish to exchange confidential information for the purpose of considering a potential 
collaboration between their respective businesses.  
IT IS AGREED:  
1. DEFINITIONS AND INTE RPRETATION  
1.1 The words defined below sh all have the following meaning:  
"Confidential Information"  means all confidential information (however recorded, 
preserved or disclosed) disclosed or made available by the Discloser or any of its 
Representatives to the Recipient or any of its Represent atives including but not limited to:  
(a) any information that is marked, or at the time of disclosure is otherwise 
designated, as being confidential;  
(b) any information that would be regarded as confidential by a reasonable business 
person on or relatin g to:  
(i) the business, affairs, customers, clients, suppliers, plans, intentions, 
or market opportunities of the Discloser; or  
(ii) the operations, processes, products, techniques and specifications, 
test procedures and results, inventions, know -how, tra de secrets, 
designs or software of the Discloser;  
(c) the fact that discussions and negotiations are taking place concerning the Purpose 
and the status of those discussions and negotiations;  
(d) the existence and terms of this agreement; and  
(e) any inform ation or analysis derived from any of the Confidential Information.  
"Discloser"  means a party to this agreement which discloses or makes available directly or 
indirectly Confidential Information.  
"Purpose"  means considering whether or not to enter into a b usiness collaboration between 
the parties and putting into place the arrangements for that collaboration.  
2 
 "Recipient"  means a party to this agreement that receives or obtains directly or indirectly 
Confidential Information.  
"Representative"  means, in relat ion to a party, that party's employees, agents, accountants 
and lawyers.  
1.2 A person  includes a natural person, corporate or unincorporated body (whether or not having 
separate legal personality) and that person's legal and personal representatives, succe ssors and 
permitted assigns.  
1.3 Any schedule(s) form part of this agreement and shall have effect as if set out in full in the 
body of this agreement. Any reference to this agreement includes the schedule(s).  Any 
obligation in this agreement on a person not to do something includes an obligation not to 
allow that thing to be done.  
2. COMPLIANCE WITH THIS  AGREEMENT  
In consideration of the Discloser or any of its Representatives disclosing or making available 
Confidential Information to the Recipient or any  of its Representatives, the Recipient, on 
behalf of itself and its Representatives, undertakes to comply with the terms of this 
agreement.  The Recipient shall, at all times, be liable for the failure of any of its 
Representatives to comply with the terms  of this agreement.  
3. OBLIGATIONS OF CONFI DENTIALITY  
3.1 The Recipient shall keep the Discloser's Confidential Information confidential and, except 
with the prior written consent of the Discloser or as expressly permitted by this agreement, 
shall:  
3.1.1  not use the Confidential Information except for the Purpose;  
3.1.2  not disclose or make available the Confidential Information in whole or in part to 
any third party;  
3.1.3  not make any copies, reduce to writing or otherwise record the Confidential 
Informa tion in whole or in part except as strictly necessary for the Purpose (and 
any such copies, reductions to writing and records shall be the property of the 
Discloser);  
3.1.4  keep the Confidential Information in a safe and secure place and establish and 
main tain adequate security measures to safeguard the Confidential Information 
from unauthorised access or use, including but not limited to implementing any 
reasonable security measures proposed by the Discloser from time to time; and  
3.1.5  at the written requ est of the Discloser, or in any event on termination of this 
agreement, return or destroy all documents or other records containing 
Confidential Information to the Discloser and confirm to the Discloser that it has 
done so in writing.  
3 
 3.2 The obligations i n clause 3.1 shall not apply any information that:  
3.2.1  is or becomes available to the Recipient or the public other than as a result of its 
disclosure by the Recipient or its Representatives in breach of this agreement or 
any other obligation of confiden ce owed by the Recipient or its Representatives 
to the Discloser;  
3.2.2  the Recipient can establish was lawfully in the possession of or available on a 
non-confidential basis to the Recipient before the information was disclosed to it 
by the Discloser; or  
3.2.3  the parties agree in writing may be disclosed.  
4. PERMITTED DISCLOSURE S 
4.1 The Recipient may disclose all or part of the Discloser's Confidential Information to a 
Representative who needs to know that particular Confidential Information for the Pur pose 
provided that, in relation to each Representative to whom the Discloser's Confidential 
Information is to be disclosed, the Recipient prior to disclosure:  
4.1.1  informs the Representative of the confidential nature of the Confidential 
Information;  
4.1.2 informs the Discloser of the identity of the Representative to whom it intends to 
disclose Confidential Information;  
4.1.3  procures that the Representative shall, in relation to any Confidential Information 
disclosed, comply with this agreement as if it were the Recipient; and  
4.1.4  if the Discloser so requests, in relation to a Representative other than an 
employee of the Recipient, procures that such Representative enters into a 
confidentiality agreement with the Discloser on terms equivalent to those 
contained in this agreement.  
4.2 The Recipient or its Representatives may disclose the Discloser's Confidential Information to 
the extent such Confidential Information is required to be disclosed by law, by any 
governmental or other regulatory authority, or  by a court or other authority of competent 
jurisdiction provided that, to the extent it is legally permitted to do so, the Recipient or its 
Representatives give the Discloser as much notice of this disclosure as possible and, where 
notice of disclosure is  not prohibited and is given in accordance with this clause  4.2, it takes 
into account the reasonable requests of the Discloser in relation to the content of this 
disclosure.  
5. OTHER MATTERS  
5.1 All Confidential Information shall remain the property of th e party disclosing it, which 
reserves all rights in its Confidential Information.  No rights, including, but not limited to, any 
and all intellectual property rights, in respect of a party's Confidential Information are granted 
to the other party.  
5.2 Neither party makes any express or implied warranty or representation concerning its 
Confidential Information, including without limitation the accuracy or completeness of its 
Confidential Information.  
4 
 5.3 The disclosure of Confidential Information by a party shall not form any offer by, or 
representation or warranty on the part of, that party to enter into any further agreement in 
relation to the Purpose.  
5.4 The parties each acknowledge that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for the 
breach of any of the provisions of this agreement.  Accordingly, without prejudice to any 
other rights and remedies it may have, each party shall be entitled to seek the granting of 
equitable relief (including without limitation injunctive relief) concerning any threate ned or 
actual breach of any of the provisions of this agreement.  
<*$p$*>6. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIG NMENT This agreement shall be binding on and endure for the benefit of each party's successors and personal representatives but shall not be assignable at law or otherwise without the prior written consent of the parties. 7. TERM AND TERMINATION If either party decides not to continue to be involved in the Purpose with the other party it shall notify the other party in writing. The obligations of each party shall continue for a period of [ Insert number of years - this should be a realistic estimate of how long it is likely that the information that is to be disclosed will remain important to protect, e.g. 5 ] years from the termination of this agreement. Termination of this agreement shall not affect any accrued rights or remedies to which either party is entitled. this agreement will terminate w ith immediate effect.<*$p$*> 
The obligations of each party shall continue for a period of [ Insert number of years - this 
should be a realistic estimate of how long it is likely that the information that is to be 
disclosed will remain important to protect, e.g. 5 ] years from the termination of this 
agreement.  Termination of this agreement shall not affect any accrued rights or remedies to 
which either party is entitled.  
8. DEEMED DELIVERY  
8.1 Any notice to be given in connection with this agreement shall be in wri ting in English and 
shall either be delivered by hand or sent by first class post or fax, email or other electronic 
form:  
8.1.1  to any company which is a party at its registered office (or such other address as 
it may notify to the other parties to this ag reement for such purpose); or  
8.1.2  to any individual who is a party at the address of that individual shown on page 1 
of this agreement;  
(or in each such case such other address as the recipient may notify to the other parties for 
such purpose).  
8.2 A co mmunication sent according clause 8.1 shall be deemed to have been received:  
8.1.1  if delivered by hand, at the time of delivery ; 
8.1.2  if sent by pre -paid first class post, on the second day after posting; or  
8.1.3  if sent by fax, email or other electroni c form, at the time of completion of 
transmission by the sender.  
9. ENTIRE AGREEMENT AND  VARIATION  
9.1 This agreement and the documents referred to or incorporated in it constitute the entire 
agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter of this agreement and supersedes 
and extinguishes any prior drafts, agreements, undertakings, representations, warranties and 
5 
 arrangements of any nature whatsoever, whether or not in writing, between the parties in 
relation to the subject matter of this agree ment.  
9.2 Each of the parties acknowledges and agrees that it has not entered into this agreement in 
reliance on any statement or representation of any person (whether a party to this agreement 
or not) other than as expressly incorporated in this agreement . 
9.3 Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each of the parties irrevocably and 
unconditionally waives any right or remedy it may have to claim damages and/or to rescind 
this agreement by reason of any misrepresentation (other than a fraudulent  misrepresentation) 
having been made to it by any person (whether party to this agreement or not) and upon 
which it has relied in entering into this agreement.  
9.4 Without prejudice to clause 5.4, each of the parties acknowledges and agrees that the only 
cause of action available to it under the terms of this agreement and the documents referred to 
or incorporated in this agreement shall  be for breach of contract.  
9.5 Nothing contained in this agreement or in any other document referred to or incorporated i n it 
shall be read or construed as excluding any liability or remedy as a result of fraud.  
9.6 No variation of this agreement or any of the documents in the agreed form shall be valid 
unless it is in writing and signed by or on behalf of each of the partie s to this agreement.  
10. NO WAIVER  
Failure to exercise, or any delay in exercising, any right or remedy provided under this 
agreement or by law shall not constitute a waiver of that or any other right or remedy, nor 
shall it preclude or restrict any furth er exercise of that or any other right or remedy.  No single 
or partial exercise of any right or remedy provided under this agreement or by law shall 
preclude or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy.  
11. PARTNERSHIP  
Nothing in  this agreement is intended or shall be construed as establishing or implying any 
partnership of any kind between the parties.  
<*$p$*><*$p$*>12. GOVERNING LAW AND JU RISDICTION 12.1 This agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its s ubject matter or formation including non -contractual disputes or claims shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Belgium . 12.2 Each party irrevocably agrees to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Belgium over any claim or matter arising under or in connection with this agreement. 9.1 This agreement and the documents referred to or incorporated in it constitute the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter of this agreement and supersedes and extinguishes any prior drafts, agreements, undertakings, representations, warranties and 5 arrangements of any nature whatsoever, whether or not in writing, between the parties in relation to the subject matter of this agree ment.<*$p$*> 9.1 This agreement and the documents referred to or incorporated in it constitute the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter of this agreement and supersedes and extinguishes any prior drafts, agreements, undertakings, representations, warranties and 5 arrangements of any nature whatsoever, whether or not in writing, between the parties in relation to the subject matter of this agree ment.<*$p$*>  
13. COUNTERPARTS  
This agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts each of which when executed 
by one or more of the parties hereto shall const itute an original but all of which shall 
constitute one and the same instrument.  
 
 
 
6 
  
Agreed on by the below -mentioned parties and drawn up in as many originals as there are 
parties. Each party declares that it has received one original.  
 
Signed  for and on behalf of [ INSERT NAME 
OF COMPANY ONE ] by: )
) Signature   
    
  Name (block capitals)   
 Director/authorised 
signatory  
 
 
Signed  for and on behalf of [ INSERT NAME 
OF COMPANY TWO ] by: )
) Signature   
    
  Name (block capitals)   
 Director/authorised 
signa tory 
 
 