 TTP Non-Disclosure Agreement  
 
 
  1.  Purpose. Technology Transfer Partners (“TTP”) is a group of Micro Focus network administrators and 
network architects working in school, college, univers ity or government settings.  This group meets and 
shares ideas and experiences, and recommendations about network environments. The purpose of this 
Non-Disclosure Agreement (“Agreement”) is to protect C onfidential Information shared by the parties or by 
other members of the TTP group in the TTP mailing list or TTP meetings.  
 
Micro Focus Software Inc. ("Micro Focus") and the "Individual" identified below agree to the following 
provisions. The terms “Discloser” and “Recipient” as us ed herein apply to both parties to this Agreement in 
their respective roles as discloser of Confidential Information and recipient of Confidential Information. 
  2. Confidential Information. Informati on that shall be considered "Confidential Information" shall be (i) any 
Information disclosed by Micro Focus, Individual, or another TTP member on the TTP mailing list  or during a 
TTP meeting that contains information regarding the Discloser’s network or business environment or 
experiences, or information regarding the business plans  or personnel or finances of  the Discloser, (ii) any 
information Discloser can show should be reasonably under stood to be proprietary to Discloser, and (iii) 
information marked in writing as "confidential."  
Confidential Information does not include information t hat (1) is already in Recipient’s possession without 
obligation of confidence; or (2) Recipient independently  develops; or (3) is or becomes publicly available 
without breach of the Agreement; or (4) Recipient rightfu lly receives from a third party without obligation of 
confidence; or (5) Discloser releases for disclosure by giving written consent; or (6) is required to be 
disclosed by court or regulatory rule or order.   
3. Permissible Use.  Recipient may use and disclose the Confidential Information among its internal 
information technology and management staff for its own internal business purposes. Either party may also 
disclose on the TTP mailing list Confidential Information previously received on the TTP mailing list or during 
TTP meetings.  Micro Focus may post for use of the TTP program a list of the organizations and individuals 
that have signed a Micro Focus TTP Non-disclosure Agreement.   
4. Obligation of Confidentiality.  For a period of 3 years from the date of disclosure, Recipient agrees to use 
the same care and discretion as it uses with its own c onfidential information to avoid, except as expressly 
permitted in this Agreement, disclosure or publication of Discloser’s Confidential Information. At a minimum 
shall Recipient use reasonable care to protect Confidential Information.  
  
5. Ownership.  All Confidential Information remains th e property of the Discloser and/or its licensors. 
 
6. Freedom of Use. Recipient shall be free to use for any purposes Residuals resulting from access to or 
work with Discloser’s Confidential Information.  Howeve r, the foregoing does not give Recipient the right to 
disclose the financial, statistical, or personnel informat ion or the business plans of  Discloser, and shall not be 
deemed to grant to either party a license under the other par ty’s copyrights or patents.  The term "Residuals" 
means information which may be retained in non-tangi ble form by persons who have had access to the 
Confidential Information, including without limitati on general ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques 
contained therein.  Neither party shall have any obligat ion to limit or restrict the assignment or reassignment 
of personnel.  
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, t he parties acknowledge that the communications hereunder 
will not serve to impair the right of either party to  independently develop, make, use, procure or market 
products or services now or in the future that may be similar to or competitive with those offered by Discloser, 
nor require Recipient to disclose any planning or other information to Discloser.  This Section shall survive 
termination of this Agreement. 
 
7. Termination.  This Agreement shall begin on the date it  is executed and shall extend until that date which 
is six (6) months after the date on which Individual ceases to be a participant in TTP. Either party may 
terminate this Agreement for its convenience upon wri tten notice to the other.  Upon termination of this 
Agreement, or earlier upon Discloser’s request, Recipient shall promptly return or destroy all documents and 
tangible items in its possession which contain any part of the Confidential Information of Discloser.  Upon 
Agreement termination, all obligations of confidentia lity shall survive and cont inue to bind Recipient in 
accordance with their terms. 
  
8. Disclaimer.  All Confidential Information is provided AS IS, WITHOUT  WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. Discloser does not r epresent or warrant the accuracy or completeness 
of the Confidential Information, that it will release an y related product, or that target dates will be met.  The 
entire risk arising out of the use of the Confidential In formation remains with Recipient.  Discloser may change 
or cancel its plans at any time. 
 9. Limitation of Liability.  IN NO EVENT SHALL DISCLOSER BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES 
WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, 
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR OT HER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OU T OF RECIPIENT'S USE OF 
OR INABILITY TO USE THE CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. 
 
10. General. 
a.  <*$p$*><*$p$*>This Agreement shall be governed and construed in ac cordance with the laws of Utah (without regard to conflicts of laws provisions).<*$p$*><*$p$*>  In any legal proceeding  arising out of this Agreement, the prevailing party 
shall be entitled to an award of its costs and reasonabl e attorneys' fees.  The parties agree that Utah 
state and federal courts shall have jurisd iction and venue in any such proceeding. 
b.  Export Constraints. <*$p$*><*$p$*>Recipient shall follow U.S. Ex port Administration laws and regulations and shall not export or re-export any technical data or products rece ived from Discloser or the direct product of such technical data to any proscribed country listed in the U.S. Export Administration regulations unless properly authorized by the U.S. government.<*$p$*><*$p$*> 
c.  Neither party may assign its rights or delegate its du ties or obligations under this Agreement without prior 
written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld.  The parties acknowledge that they have 
read this Agreement, understand it, and agree to be b ound by the terms and conditions.  Further, they 
agree that the complete and exclus ive statement of the agreement between the parties relating to this 
subject shall consist of this Agreement.  
 
 