    Final June 2016 
1 
 Mutual Non-Disclosure and Use of Informa tion Agreement 
to Support Emergency Cyber Mutual Assistance  
This Non-Disclosure and Use of Info rmation Agreement (the "Agreement'' ) is made and entered into as 
of this 15th day of June, 2016 by and among each entity  that executes and delivers the signature page 
to this Agreement (each, a "Participating Entity" and co llectively, the "Participating Entities").   
 
A. Each Participating Entity is participating in a vo luntary effort to assist the Electricity Subsector 
Coordinating Council (ESCC) in devel oping and implementing one or more industry initiatives to 
provide cyber emergency assistance to entities in  the electric sector (collectively, the “Cyber 
Mutual Assistance Program”).   
B. In connection with the Cyber Mutual Assistance  Program, each Participating Entity may 
voluntarily choose to r equest from or provide to another Pa rticipating Entity emergency cyber 
mutual assistance in response to a cyber emergency; 
C. The development and implementation of any Cy ber Mutual Assistance Program, including any 
request or provision of cyber mutual assistance between Participating Entities, may necessitate 
the exchange of certain confidential  or proprietary information. 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants in this Agreem ent, the Participating Entities 
agree as follows:  1. Purpose, Scope, and Definitions.  The purpose of this Agreement is to permit each Participating 
Entity to exchange Confidential Information (as defined below) as needed to pursue the development 
and implementation of a Cyber Mutual Assistance Prog ram, including any request for or provision of 
cyber mutual assistance between Participating Entiti es in response to a cyber emergency or in 
connection with any Cyber Mutual Assistance Program.   
 
“Confidential Information” und er this Agreement consists of: 
 
(i) all information disclosed by any Participati ng Entity, or any of its employees, directors, 
officers, affiliates, partners, agents, advisors or other representatives (“Representatives”)  pursuant to that Participating Enti ty’s participation in or contribution to the development or 
implementation of a Cyber Mutual Assistance Prog ram, including any Participating Entity’s 
request for or provision of cyber mutual assistance,  whether disclosed prior to or following the 
execution of this Agreement; 
 (ii) any information or documentation produced by a Participating Entity, or any of its 
Representatives, under any Cyber Mutual Assistance Program  or related to a specific request for or 
response to cyber mutual assistance, including any analysis of such information, and whether 
produced prior to or following the execution of this Agreement; 
 (iii) any aggregation, consolidation , or listing of information or documentation disclosed by one or 
more Participating Entities, or any of their respective Representatives, pursuant to the development 
or implementation of a Cyber Mutual  Assistance Program incl uding any Participating Entity’s request 
for or provision of cyber mutual assistance; and 
 
    Final June 2016 
2 
 (iv) all observations of equipm ent (including computer screens) and oral disclosures related to the 
development of any Cyber Mutual Assistance Program or a specific request for or response to cyber 
mutual assistance, including the systems, operations,  and activities of each Participating Entity, 
whether such observations or oral di sclosures were made prior to or following the execution of this 
Agreement. 
 
2. Non-Disclosure and Use of Confidential Info rmation.  Each Participating Entity agrees (i) to 
maintain the confidentiality of all Confidential Inform ation obtained, (ii) without the express permission 
of the Participating Entity provid ing such information, not to disclos e such information to third parties, 
and (iii) to use such information on ly for the express purpose of deve loping and implementing a Cyber 
Mutual Assistance Program, including in connection with  any request for or provision of cyber mutual 
assistance between Participating Entities.  Each Participating Entity shall use the Confidential 
Information received hereunder only for the purposes identified in Section 1.  Notwithstanding the 
forgoing, a Participating Entity may use and intern ally share Confidential Information as deemed 
necessary to respond to an actual or threatened cybe r emergency that places, or  has the potential to 
place, the Participating Entity’s cyber systems at risk.   Any other use shall be only with the prior written 
consent of the Participating Enti ty or Participating Entities that provided the Confidential Information 
sought to be used.   3. Exemptions to Non-Disclosure.  Notwithstanding Sections 1 and 2, a Participating Entity shall not 
have breached any obligation under this Agreement if the Confidential In formation is disclosed to a third 
party when the Confidential Information:  
(a) was in the public domain at the ti me of such disclosure or is subsequently made available to the 
public by the Participating Entity who provid ed the Confidential Information, or otherwise 
consistent with the terms of this Agreement; or 
 
(b) had been received or independently developed by such Participating Entity at or prior to the 
time of disclosure through a proc ess other than the development or implementation of the Cyber 
Mutual Assistance Program; or  (c) is subsequently disclosed to the Participating En tity by a third party without restriction on use 
and without breach of any ag reement or legal duty; or 
 (d) subject to the provisions of Section 4, is used or disclosed pursuant to statutory duty, such as a 
public records act request, or an order, subpoena, di scovery request, or other lawful process issued 
by a court or other governmental authority of competen t jurisdiction or in a judicial proceeding; or 
 (e) is disclosed by unanimous agreement of each of the Participating Entity or Participating Entities 
whose information is subject to such disclosure; or 
 (f) after the time of its disclo sure hereunder, becomes subsequently av ailable to such Participating 
Entity on a non-confidential basis from a source not known by such Participating Entity to be bound 
by a confidentiality agreement or secrec y obligation in respect thereof. 
   
    Final June 2016 
3 
 4. Notice of Pending Th ird-Party Disclosure or Unauthorized Disclosure. 
<*$p$*>(a) In the event that any governmental authority issues an order, subpoena, or other lawful process or a Participating Entity receives a discovery request in a civil proc eeding ("Legal Process") requiring the disclosure of any Confidential Information, the Participating Entity recei ving such Legal Process shall notify in writing the other Participating Entities within two (2) business days of receipt. The Participating Entity receiving such Legal Process shal l not be in violation of this Agreement if it complies with the Legal Process re quiring disclosure of the Confid ential Information immediately following Participating En tity notification, as set forth above.<*$p$*> 
 (b) A Participating Entity shall not disclose any Confidential Info rmation in response to a request 
under the federal Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S. C. § 552, as amended, or an equivalent state or 
local open records law, except as required by law as determined in the written opinion of such 
Participating Entity’s legal counsel.  Upon receipt of  a Freedom of Information Act or public records 
disclosure request, such Participating Entity shall:  (i) notify each Participating Entity or Participating 
Entities whose information is subject to such discl osure request immediately upon receipt of a 
request for public records that includ e all or part of the Confidential Information; and (ii) if, in the 
written opinion of the legal counsel for the Partici pating Entity receiving the information request, 
the Confidential Information is not legally required  to be disclosed, treat the requested Confidential 
Information as exempt from disclo sure to the extent permitted by applicable law.  The Participating 
Entity receiving the information r equest shall cooperate with the Part icipating Entity or Participating 
Entities whose information is subject to such disclosure request
 in challenging the request or 
seeking another appropriate remedy, as necessary.  If such challenge to the request is not successful 
and another remedy is not obtained, on ly that portion of the Confidential  Information that is legally 
required to be disclosed, as determined in the written opinion of the Particip ating Entity’s legal 
counsel, shall be disclosed.   
 
(c) Unauthorized Disclosure:  If a Participating Entity becomes aware that Confidential Information 
has been or likely has been disclosed to a third party in violation of this Agreement, the Participating 
Entity will immediately notify the Participating Entity in writing that provided the disclosed Confidential Information, provide a description of th e information disclosed, and provide reasonable 
assistance to the Participating En tity that provided the disclosed Co nfidential Information to recover 
the Confidential Information and prevent further unauthorized disclosure.   
 <*$p$*>5. Term. This Agreement shall remain in effect as to each Participating Entity unless and until a Participating Entity seeking to withd raw from the agreement provides two (2) days’ prior written notice to the other Participating Entities, then this Agreemen t shall terminate with re spect to such Participating Entity at the conclusion of such two (2) day period; provided, however, that termination shall not extinguish any claim, liability, or cause of action under this Agreement existing at the time of termination. The provisions of S ections 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 shall survive the termination of this Agreement for a period of one (1) year.<*$p$*>   
 6. Return or Destruction of Confidential Informat ion.  <*$p$*>Upon termination of this Agreement, all Confidential Information in the possession or contro l of a Participating Entity and its Representatives that received such information will be retained by each party, including all copies of such info rmation in any form whatsoever, unless otherwise instructed in writing by the Participating Entity tha t disclosed the information.<*$p$*>  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, if the Confidential Information is retain ed in the computer backup system of a Participating 
    Final June 2016 
4 
 Entity, the Confidential Information will be destroye d in accordance with the regular ongoing records 
retention process of the Participating Entity.  In lieu of return, a Partic ipating Entity may certify to the 
other Participating Entities in writ ing that all such Confidential Info rmation, in any form whatsoever, has 
been destroyed.  Notwithstanding anything in this paragraph 6 to th e contrary, a Participating Entity 
may retain a record copy of any Confidential Informatio n if required to do so by applicable law.  In such 
an instance, such Participatin g Entity shall identify in writing the specific Confidential Information 
retained, and shall provide the affected Participating Enti ty or Participating Entities with a written 
commitment to return or destroy the retained Confidenti al Information upon the expiration of the 
retention period required by law.  The obligation un der this Agreement to main tain the confidentiality 
of all Confidential Information shall continue to app ly to such retained Confidential Information for so 
long as the Participating Entity posse sses such Confidential Information. 
 7. Notices.  All notices, requests, demands, and  other communications required or permitted 
under this Agreement shall be in writ ing, unless otherwise agreed by th e Participating Entities, and shall 
be delivered in person or sent by certified mail, postage  prepaid, by overnight deliv ery, or by electronic 
mail or electronic facsimile transmission with an original sent immediately thereafter by postage prepaid 
mail, and properly addressed with r espect to a particular Participating Entity, to such Participating 
Entity’s representative as set forth on such Participating  Entity’s signature page to this Agreement.  A 
Participating Entity may from time to time cha nge its representative or address for the purpose of 
notices to that Participating Entity by a simi lar notice specifying a new representative or address, but no 
such change shall be deemed to have been given until such notice is actually received by the 
Participating Entity being so notified.  8. Complete Agreement; No Other Rights.  This Agreement contains the complete and exclusive 
agreement of the Participating Entities with respect to  the subject matter thereof.  No change to this 
Agreement shall be effective unless agreed  to in writing by all of the then existing Participating Entities.  
This Agreement is not intended to creat e any right in or obli gation of any Particip ating Entity or third 
party other than those expressly stated herein. 
 9. No Warranties or Representations.  Any Conf idential Information disclosed under this 
Agreement carries no warranty or representation of any kind, either express or implied.  A Participating 
Entity receiving such Confidential Information shal l not be entitled to rely on the accuracy, 
completeness, or quality of the Co nfidential Information, even for the pu rpose stated in Section 1.   
 10.  Injunctive Relief.  Each P articipating Entity agrees that, in ad dition to whatever other remedies 
may be available to the other Participating Entities under applicable law, the other Participating Entities 
shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief with respect to any actual or threatened violation of this 
Agreement by a Participating Entity or any thir d party receiving Confidential Information.   
 
<*$p$*>11. Choice of Law and Forum. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any choice or conflicts of law provision or rule that would cause the application of laws of any other jurisdiction.<*$p$*> 
 12.  Assignment.  This Agreement sha ll be binding upon the Particip ating Entities, their successors, 
and assigns.  No Participating Entity may assign thi s Agreement without the prior written consent of the 
other Participating Entities. 
 
    Final June 2016 
5 
 13.  Construction of Agreement.  Ambiguities or uncertainties in the  wording of th is Agreement shall 
not be construed for or against an y Participating Entity, but shall be construed in the manner that most 
accurately reflects the Participating Entities’ intent as of the date they executed this Agreement. 
 14.  Signature Authority.  Each person sign ing below warrants that he or she has been duly 
authorized by the Participating Entity for whom he or she signs to execute this Agreement on behalf of 
that Participating Entity.  15.  Counterparts .  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of which shall be 
considered one and the same Agreement. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Participating Entities have executed this Agreement as of the date set forth 
above.  
 
 
 
  Dated: __________________________  Participating Entity:  
  By: ___________________________ 
      N a m e :        Title:  
 
 