 
The European IPR Helpdesk | P age 1 of 9 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
European IPR Helpdesk  
 
 
 
Mutual Non -Disclosure Agreement  
(Template)  
 
 
Disclaimer  
 
This sample document has been produced by the European IPR Helpdesk, based on the experiences and acknowled g-
ments gathered during t he performance of its activities, including the Helpline support service, awareness raising activ i-
ties and feedback from users on publications. The European IPR Helpdesk is managed by the European Commission’s 
Executive Agency for Small and Medium -sized En terprises (EASME), with policy guidance provided by the European 
Commission’s Enterprise and Industry Directorate – General. Even though the contents of this document have been pr o-
vided with the financial support of the EU, the positions expressed are thos e of the authors and do not necessarily reflect 
the official opinion of EASME or the European Commission. Please see our full disclaimer at:  
http://www.iprhelpdesk.eu/disclaimer  
 
This document is intende d to be or to provide initial guidance and should be tailored to meet your specific requirements. 
It should not be construed as legal advice for any particular facts or circumstances.  
 
Although the European IPR Helpdesk endeavours to deliver a high qualit y service, no guarantee can be given on the co r-
rectness or completeness of the content of this document and neither the European Commission, nor EASME nor the 
European IPR Helpdesk consortium members are responsible or may be held accountable for any loss suffered as a result 
of reliance upon the content of this work.  
 
© European Union 2014  
 
 

 
The European IPR Helpdesk | P age 2 of 9 
  
 
NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENTS  
 
Confidentiality is an extremely important issue for participants in R&D projects, from the 
setting -up (even during earliest discussions on the assessment of participation), to the 
implementation and exploitation ph ases.  
 
Exchanging  valuable information with other partners is generally a necessity that reg u-
larly occurs in collaborative initiatives or undertakings . Accordingly, confidentiality issues  
and measures  should be taken into considera tion in order to safely exchange info r-
mation, facilitating the project development and ensuring the non -disclosure of sensitive 
technology , business  or commercial confidential information . Therefore, the signatur e of 
a confidentiality agreement or non -disclosure agreement (NDA) at the proposal stage  or 
even before , the inclusion of confidentiality clauses in the consortium agreement , and 
compl iance  with confidentiality obligations during the whole life of the project and after, 
are among others very important steps to keep confide ntial information secret in order 
to maintain a competitive edge.  
 
Deciding to become involved in a project, business or commercial relationship requires 
discussions and the exchange of information between  people from different organis a-
tions, companies or  institutions with different background knowledge and interests. It 
might involve giving written or oral information to a third part y in order to describe pr o-
ject ideas, revealing know -how, or defining scope, objectives, and tasks for planning or 
arranging  a proposal or for preparations before a project starts.   
 
Confidentiality agreements or NDA s provide protection and more security to an indivi d-
ual or organisation that is about to share or make available information to another ind i-
vidual  or organisation b y ensuring that confidential i nformation will be used only for the 
permitted purposes agreed between the signatories of the agreement and will not be 
used or revealed to  third parties without consent; and furthermore that if confidential 
information is rev ealed or made public, breaching the terms provided under the agre e-
ment, then liability, damages, cessation or preventive measures can be claimed.    
 
Confidential information or specific documentation  should  be only reveal ed under conf i-
dentiality commitmen ts settled in advance  otherwise  it might be used for the benefit of 
others, excluding and harming the interest of the owner of the confidential information.  
 
The following NDA template may be used , taking into consideration the concrete situ a-
tion or needs  of its users.  
 
 
 
 
The European IPR Helpdesk | P age 3 of 9 
  
MUTUAL NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
THIS AGREEMENT [the Agreement ] is entered into on this [ insert number of day ] day of 
[insert Month  and Year ] by and between:  
 
1. [Insert official name of the potential partner or participant ], having its  registered office 
or based in [ insert the Legal Address of the Entity ] hereinafter referred to as […] and  
 
2.  [Insert official name of the potential partner or participant ], having its registered o f-
fice or based in [insert the Legal Address of the Entit y] hereinafter referred to as [....]  
 
[Add the identification of all the potential partners and participants that will take part in 
this Agreement ] 
 
Individually referred to as a Party or collectively as the Parties.  
 
WHEREAS:  
The Parties hereto desire [ to participate in early discussions regarding the enter ing into 
future collaboration as a  European Funded Project in the field of (….)] or [to submit a 
proposal for a collaborative project in response to the call (identify the call) under (ident i-
fy the EU -funded Programme) ] or [to evaluate  entering in to partnership or business col-
labor ation for the purpose of ( identify the undertaking intended to perform) ].  
Through out the aforementioned discussions, Parties  may share between themselves 
proprietary informatio n or C onfidential Information under the terms and covenants set 
forth below.    
 
THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE AS FOLLOWS:  
 
1. Confidential Information  
 
1.1 For the purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information means any data or i n-
formation that is propr ietary to or posses sed by a Party  and not generally known to the 
public or that has not yet been revealed, whether in tangible or intangible form, whe n-
ever and however disclosed, including, but not limited to:  
 
(i) any scientific or technical information, inv ention, design, process, procedure, 
formula, improvement, technology or method;  
 
 
The European IPR Helpdesk | P age 4 of 9 
 (ii) any concepts, samples, reports, data, know -how, works -in-progress, designs,  
drawings, photographs, development tools, specifications, software  pro-
grams , source code, object code, flow charts, and databases;  
 
(iii) any marketing strategies, plans, financial information, or projections, oper a-
tions, sales estimates, business plans and performance results relating to the 
Party’s past, present or future business activities, or those of its affiliates, 
subsidiaries and affiliated companies;  
 
(iv) trade secrets; plans for products or services, and customer or supplier lists;  
 
(v) any other information that should reasonably be recogni sed as Confidential 
Information by the Parties.  
 
1.2 The Parties  agree hereby that Confidential Information need s not to be novel, unique, 
patentable, copyrightable or constitute s a trade secret in order to be designated Conf i-
dential Information and therefore protected.   
 
1.3 C onfidential Information shall be identifi ed either by marking it, in the case of wri t-
ten materials, or, in the case of information that is disclosed orally or written materials 
that are not marked, by n otifying the other Party of the confidential nature of the info r-
mation.  Such notification shal l be done orally, by e -mail or written correspondence, or 
via other appropriate means of communication . 
 
1.4 The Parties  hereby  acknowledge that the Confidential Information proprietary to 
each Party has been developed and obtained through great efforts an d shall be regarded 
and kept as Confidential Informatio n.  
 
1.5 For the purposes of this Agreement , the Party  which discloses Confidential Info r-
mation within the terms established hereunder to the other Party  shall be regarded as 
the Disclosing Party . Like wise the Party  which receives the disclosed Confidential Info r-
mation  shall be regarded as the Receiving Party . 
 
1.6 Notwithstanding the aforementioned , Confidential Information  shall exclude info r-
mation that :  
 
(i) is already in the public domain at the time o f disclosure by the Disclosing Pa r-
ty  to the Receiving Party  or thereafter enters the public domain without any 
breach of the terms of this Agreement ; 
 
(ii) was already known by the Receiving Party  before the moment of disclosure 
(under evidence of reasonable  proof or written record of such disclosure);  
 
 
The European IPR Helpdesk | P age 5 of 9 
 (iii) is subsequently communicated to the Receiving Party without any obligation 
of confidence from a third party who is in lawful possession thereof and u n-
der no obligation of confidence to the Disclosing Party;  
 
(iv) becomes publicly available by other means than a breach of the  confidentia l-
ity obligations by the Receiving Party (not through fault or failure to act by 
the Receiving Party) ; 
 
(v) is or has been developed independently by employees,  consultants or agents 
of th e Receiving Party  (proved by reasonable means)  without violation of the 
terms of this Agreement or reference or access to any Confidential Info r-
mation pertaining to the Parties . 
   
2. Purpose of the Disclosure of Confidential Information  
 
The Parties  will enter into discussions regarding future collaboration toward a European 
Funded Project in the field of [….] or [will submit a proposal for a collaborative project in 
response to the call (identify the call) under (identify the EU -funded Programme)] or [wi ll 
enter into or evaluate  alternatives for partnership or collaboration with [ name of the 
other Party or Parties ] for the purpose of [identify the undertaking intended to perform  
or achieve ].  
 
3. Undertakings of the Parties  
 
<*$p$*>3.1 In the context of discussi ons, preparations or negotiations, the Disclosing Party may disclose Confidential Information to the Receiving Party. The Receiving Party agrees to use the Confidential Information for any purpose it deems necessary or beneficial, without needing the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party.<*$p$*>   
3.2 The Receiving Party will not disclose and will keep confidential the information r e-
ceived, except to its employees, representatives or ag ents who need to have access to 
the Confidential Information for the purpose of carrying out their duties in connection 
with the permitted purposes specified in clause 2.   The Receiving Party will inform them 
about the confidential quality of the informati on provided and will ensure that their 
agreement is obtained to keep it confidential on the same terms as set forth in this 
Agreement. Hence the Receiving Party w ill be responsible for ensuring that the oblig a-
tions of confidentiality and non -use contained herein will be strictly observed and will 
assume full liability for the acts or omissions made for its personnel representatives  or 
agents .  
<*$p$*>3.3 The Receiving Party will have no obligation to ensure the Confidential Information's security and will not be liable for any security breaches or unauthorized disclosures.<*$p$*> 
 
The European IPR Helpdesk | P age 6 of 9 
 3.4 The Receiving Party will not disclose any Confidential Information received to any 
third parties, except as otherwise provided for herein.  
3.5 The Parties shall treat all Confidential In formation with the same degree of care as it 
accords to its own Confidential Information.  
3.6 All Confidential Information disclosed under this Agreement shall be and remain the 
property of the Disclosing Party and nothing contained in this Agreement shal l be co n-
strued as granting or conferring any rights to such Confidential Information on the other 
Party.  Principally, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to grant to the Receiving 
Party a licence expressly or by implication under any patent, copyrigh t or other intelle c-
tual property right. The Receiving Party hereby acknowledges and confirms that all exis t-
ing and future intellectual property rights related to the Confidential Inf ormation are 
exclusive titles of  the Disclosing Party. For the sake of cla rity based in reciprocity and 
good faith of the Parties, the Receiving Party will not apply for or obtain any intellectual 
proper ty protection in respect of the Confidential Information received. Likewise  any 
modifications and improvements thereof by the R eceiving Party shall be the sole prope r-
ty of the Disclosing Party . 
<*$p$*>3.7 The Receiving Party may retain all copies (in whatever form reproduced or stored) , including all notes and derivatives of the Confidential Information disclosed un der this Agreement, even after (i) the completion or termination of the dealings contemplated in this Agreement; (ii) or the termination of this Agreement; (iii) or at the time the Disclosing Party may r equest it to the Receiving Party .<*$p$*>  
 
3.8 Notw ithstanding the foregoing, the Receiving Party may retain such of its documents 
as required  to comply with mandatory law, provided that such Confidential Information  
or copies thereof shall be subject to an indefinite confidentiality obligation.    
 
3.9 In the event that the Receiving Party is asked to communicate the Confidential I n-
formation to any judicial, administrative, regulatory authority or similar or obliged to 
reveal such information by mandatory law, it shall notify promptly the Disclosing Party o f 
the terms of such disclosure and will collaborate to the extent practicable with the Di s-
closing Party in order to comply with the order and preserve the confidentiality of the 
Confidential Information.  
3.10 The Parties agree that the Disclosing Party wi ll suffer irreparable damage if its Co n-
fidential Information is made public, released to a third party, or otherwise disclosed in 
breach of this Agreement and that the Disclosing Party shall be entitled to obtain injun c-
tive relief against a threatened brea ch or continuation of any such breach and, in the 
event of such a breach, an award of actual and exemplary damages from any court of 
competent jurisdiction.  
 
3.11  The Receiving Party shall immediately notify the Disclosing Party upon becoming 
aware of any breach of co nfidence by anybody to whom it  has disclosed the Confidential 
 
The European IPR Helpdesk | P age 7 of 9 
 Information and give all necessary assistance in connection with any steps which the 
Disclosing Party may wish to take prevent, stop or obtain compensation for such a 
breach or threa tened breach.  
3.12 The Confidential Information subject to this Agreement is made available "as such" 
and no warranties of any kind are granted or implied with respect to the quality of such 
information including , but not limited to, its applicability for any purpose, non -
infringement of third party rights, accuracy, completeness or correctness.  
 
3.13 Neither P arty is under any obligation under this Agreement to disclose any Conf i-
dential Information it chooses not to disclose. Further, neither Party shall have any liabi l-
ity to the other Party resulting from any use of the Confidential Information except with 
respect to disclosure of such Confidential Information in violation of this Agreement.  
3.14 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to constitute  an agency, partnership, 
joint venture, or other similar relationship between the Parties.  
 
4. Miscellaneous   
 
4.1 Duration and Termination   
 
4.1.1 This Agreeme nt shall remain in effect for a term  of [number of months or years ]. 
Notwithstanding the foregoi ng, the Receiving Party’s duty to hold in confidence Conf i-
dential Information that was disclosed during the term shal l remain in effect indefinitely, 
save otherwise agreed.  
 
4.1.2 If the Parties succeed in the call for proposal referred to in clause 2 and  sign the 
corresponding Grant Agreement (GA) and Consortium Agreement (CA), or enter into 
partnership under any other kind of collaborative agreement (COA) or association 
agreement (AA) , the non -disclosure provisions of the CA, COA and AA shall [be suppl e-
mented by or supplement  or supersede ] this Agreement. In the event that non -disclosure 
provisions are  not provided for the said private agreements , this Agreement shall remain 
in force until the end of the collaboration undertaken or after [months or years ] of its 
termination.  
 
<*$p$*>4.2 Applicable Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted by the laws of [choose the applicable law]. Any disputes arising under this agreement shall be resolved through binding arbitration in a jurisdiction of the Receiving Party's choosing, waiving all rights to a court trial.<*$p$*>  
 
4.3 Validity   
If any provisions of this Agreement are invalid or unenforceable, the validity of the r e-
maining provis ions shall not be affected. The Parties shall replace the invalid or une n-
 
The European IPR Helpdesk | P age 8 of 9 
 forceable provision by a valid and enforceable provision that will meet the purpose of 
the invalid or unenforceable provision as closely as possible.  
4.4 Subsequent Agreements  
 
Ancillary agreements, amendments or additions hereto shall be made in writing.  
 
4.5 Communications  
 
Any notices or communications required  between the Parties  shall be delivered by hand,  
e-mail, or mailed by registered  mail to the address of the other Party as indicated above. 
Any subsequent modification of a Party’s address should be reasonably communicated in 
advance to the effect of this Agreement.  
 
5. Competit ion  
 
The receipt of Confidential Information pursuant to this Agreement will not prevent or in 
any way limit either Party from developing, making or marketing products or services 
that are or may be competitive with the products or services of the other; or providing 
products or services to others who compete with the other  Party; as long as those r e-
sults have not become from a breach of this Agreement.  
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Mutual Non -Disclosure 
Agreement to be executed a s of the date stated above.  
 
FOR [ insert name of participant or potential or current partner ] 
 
[insert name of representative ] 
[insert title]  
 
Done at [ place ] on [ date ]  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 For more information, please consult 
our fact sheets on “ How to manage 
conf idential business information ” and 
“Non -disclosure agreement: a business 
tool” which are a vailable in our online 
library:  
http://www.iprhelpdesk.eu/node/1265  
http://www.iprhelpdesk.eu/node/969   
 
The European IPR Helpdesk | P age 9 of 9 
 GET IN TOUCH  
 
For comments, suggestions or further information, pleas e contact  
 
 
European IPR Helpdesk  
c/o infeurope S.A.  
62, rue Charles Martel  
L-2134, Luxembourg  
 
 
Email: service@iprhelpdesk.eu  
Phone: +352 25 22 33 - 333 
Fax: +352 25 22 33 – 334 
www.iprhelpdesk.eu  