 NDA Page 1 of 1 
 
 
 
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
This docum ent is provi ded i n good faith but no warrant y, expresse d or i mplied, is given t hat the inform ation is com plete 
or accurate nor that it is fit for a particular purpose. W areWorks Ltd hereby excludes lia bility for any claim s, losses, 
demands or dam ages or any kind whatsoever with respect to  this service, including (wit hout loss of generality) direct, 
indirect, incidental or consequent ial loss or da mages, consequent ial dam ages or l oss of profi ts. 
 
This agreement is entered into as of ??/??/???? b y and between: 
 
(1) COM PANY A FULL NAM E a com pany duly incorporat ed under t he laws of Engl and, wi th a regi stration 
number ???????? ( “COMPANY A”); and 
 
(2) COM PANY B FULL NAM E a com pany duly incorporat ed under t he laws of Engl and, wi th a regi stration 
number ???????? ( “COMPANY B”). 
 
WHEREAS COMPANY A and COMPANY B intend to disclose to each other certain inform ation for the developm ent 
and m arketing of com munication, audi o, secu rity and ot her added val ue product s (the “Purpose” ); and  
 
WHEREAS it is vital to the com mercial interests of COM PANY A and COM PANY B t hat both part ies recogni se the 
strictly secret and confidential nature, as well as ownership, of the Inform ation (as defined herein) to which each party 
may have access or which m ay be di sclosed pursuant to the Purpose. 
 
NOW THEREFORE , this agreem ent witn esseth  that in consideration of the prem ises and agreem ents herein, the 
parties h ereby agree as fo llows: 
 
1. In this agreem ent, “Inform ation” shal l mean t he whol e or any  portion of any  knowl edge, dat a or 
inform ation relating to the activities or business of each  party which may be in tangible or intangible form , 
expressed oral ly, in writing or i n any other form  (whet her or not  marked confi dential) including, but  not 
limited to, financi al inform ation and dat a, busi ness a nd financi al plans, budget s, prices, m arketing pl ans, 
market inform ation, st rategic inform ation, information concerni ng cust omers, booki ngs and revenues, 
samples, trade secrets, technical inform ation, draw ings, sket ches, dat a, techni ques, st udies, processes, 
system s, ideas, know-how, industry affiliations, photographs, com puter program s, models, source codes, 
object  codes, m anuals, tape recordi ngs and any  docum entation or ot her form  of record. 
 
2. This agreem ent shall govern t he terms under whi ch one  party discloses Inform ation to the other part y in 
relation to the Purpose, regardless of whether the disc losure takes place before or after the date of this 
agreem ent. 
 
3. The Inform ation of each party is and shall rem ain that party’s sole, exclusive and valuable property.  
Nothing in this Ag reem ent or in any disclosures o f Information by either party sh all be construed as 
granting or conferrin g to the other party an y licen se, rig hts, title o r any interest wh atsoever in any such 
Inform ation. 
 
<*$p$*>4. Each part y shall hold in trust and confi dence and prot ect and treat as strictly secret and confidential at all times the Inform ation received from the other party, and in respect of su ch Inform ation, each party agrees that it: (a) shall directly or indirectly disclose, verbally, in writin g or in any other form, or allow the Inform ation to be di sclosed to any other person, fi rm or com pany with no restriction; (b) shall keep secret and shall use, m anipulate or exploit the Information, except for purposes outside of the Purpose and in violation of the terms of this Agreem ent; (c) shall not restrict disclosure of th e Inform ation to such of i ts employees or consul tants or subcont ractors who need t o know for t he Purpose and shall not procure t hat such persons observe ful ly the provi sions of this Ag reem ent as if th ey were th emselves parties to it;<*$p$*> 
 
(d) shall not copy , store or di stribute any  Inform ation or al low any  Inform ation to be copi ed, st ored or 
distributed except  for such copi es, st orage or di stribution as are st rictly requi red for t he Purpose;  
 
 NDA Page 2 of 2 
 
 
(e) shall protect the com mercial inte rest of the disclosing party and sh all take the sam e precautions to 
protect the Inform ation as a careful  and prudent  person woul d be expect ed to employ for i ts own 
business and confi dential inform ation and, i n doing so, shal l use reasonabl e care t o protect the 
Inform ation from  unaut horised use, harm , expl oitation, m anipulation, m odification, interference, 
misuse, m isappropri ation, copy  or di sclosure what soever, except as specifica lly au thorised by the 
disclosing part y in writing; 
 
(f) shall keep all In formation that is electronically stored in a tangible form  segregat ed from  all of its own 
propert y and i n a safe and secure envi ronm ent and protect and keep safe all such Inform ation from  
any loss, harm , theft, unaut horised use, t ampering, sabot age, unaut horised dupl ication, dest ruction, 
damage or interference whatsoever 
 
(g) shall, upon dem and, inform  the disclosing part y of the location of t he Inform ation and t he measures 
that it h as taken to preserv e its co nfidentiality; 
 
(h) shall retu rn to the disclosing party all In formation, copi es and t angible manifestations t hereof, i n any 
form whatsoever, an d delete all In formation from all retriev al system s and databases o r destroy the 
same immediately upon t he direction of t he disclosing part y, and furni sh to the disclosing part y, 
immediately upon i ts request , a cert ificate of a seni or offi cer or di rector attesting to such ret urn, 
deletion or dest ruction, as t he case m ay be; 
 
(i) shall treat co mmunicatio ns with  the other party as co nfidential an d utilise reaso nable care in  
maintaining the confidentiality o f communicatio ns even if th ey do not include Information: and 
 
(j) shall be liable to the other party fo r compliance with  the term s and conditions of this Ag reem ent, and 
shall fully indem nify the other part y and hol d it harmless from  dam ages (i ncluding lawyers’ fees and 
disbursem ents) incurred as a result of a breach of this Agreem ent. 
 
5. The obl igations cont ained herei n shall not appl y to Inform ation whi ch: 
 
(a) at the tim e of disclosure, is with in the public domain or which, after d isclosure, becomes rightfully 
available to the public, other than  by a breach of this Agreem ent; 
 
(b) was independently deve loped or acquired by the receiving party, other than by a breach of this 
Agreem ent; 
 
(c) was rightfully obtained by the receiving party from  a third party without restrictions  in respect to 
disclosure or use;  
 
(d) the receiving party is by law com pelled to disc lose, provided that the r eceiving party has forthwith 
notified the disclosing party of an y such com pelled disclosure when  the receiving party first becom es 
aware o f any such legal obligation to disclose: or 
 
(e) is explicitly ap proved for release b y written  authorisatio n of the disclosing party. 
 
6. The parties’ obligations hereunder shall: 
 
(a) be unlimited in territo ry; 
 
(b) only expi re ten (10) y ears from  the dat e of this Agreem ent or in the case of  technical Inform ation at 
the end of t he com mercial useful ness t o the disclosing part y; and 
 
(c) survive the term ination of this Agreem ent for any reason whatsoever. 
 
7. The parties acknowledge that the obligations contai ned herein are entirely reasonable and necessary in 
order to protect th e leg itimate co mmercial, trad e, business an d tech nical in terests o f the disclosing party 
and t he expi ration of such obl igations i s without prejudi ce to any rights whi ch the disclosing part y may 
have i n relation to the Inform ation under appl icable Intellectual Propert y law. 
 
 
 NDA Page 3 of 3 
 
 
8. The parties acknowledge that a vi olation by the receiving party of its  obligations contained herein m ay 
cause serio us harm to the disclosing party th at damages may be insufficien t to constitute an  adequate 
remedy. The parties ag ree th at they sh all be entitled , in addition to all o ther rights provided by law o r by 
this Agreem ent, including m onetary dam ages, t o obtain a perm anent  injunct ion or m andatory court  order 
to prevent  the violation of t he obl igations cont ained herei n. 
 
9. The parties acknowledge that no representation or  warranty has been m ade as to the accuracy or 
completeness of any  Inform ation whi ch may be suppl ied and it is ag reed that neither party sh all have any 
liability, d irect o r indirect, to  the other as a resu lt of the use of the Information. 
 
10. The part ies underst and and agree t hat no cont ract or agreem ent with regard t o the Purpose, nor any  other 
undert aking or arrangem ent involving the part ies, is deem ed to have been m ade or ent ered into by reason 
of this Ag reem ent. 
 
11. If another agreem ent exists b etween  the parties, wh ich relates in  any way to  Information, it sh all be 
interpreted along with this Agreem ent so as to favour the protection of the secrecy, confidentiality and 
propri etary nature of t he Inform ation. 
 
12. Notices shal l be deem ed suffi ciently given when del ivered by  hand, by  fax or by  registered m ail to the 
following addresses 
 
If to COM PANY A at: 
Address Li ne 1 
Address Li ne 2 
Address Li ne 3 
Address Li ne 4 
 
And if to COM PANY B at: 
Address Li ne 1 
Address Li ne 2 
Address Li ne 3 
Address Li ne 4 
 
The addresses and persons for whose at tention not ices ar e to be sent  may be changed at  any time by notice 
given in accordance with this Section:  
 
13. The part ies shal l do al l such t hings and provi de al l such furt her and ot her assurances as m ay be reasonabl y 
requi red in order t o give effect  to the purpose and i ntent of this Agreem ent. 
 
14. This Agreem ent shall inure t o the benefi t of and be bi nding upon t he part ies heret o and t heir respect ive 
successo rs an d permitted assig ns. Neith er party sh all assig n, transfer o r otherwise alien ate its rig hts and 
obligations hereunder in whole or in part, without the prior writte n consent of the other party. 
 
15. The recitals sh all fo rm part of this Ag reem ent as if rep eated  at len gth in this Ag reem ent. 
 
16. This Agreem ent m ay be executed in one or m ore counterparts each of which when so executed shall be 
deem ed to be an original and such  counterparts together shall constitute  but one of the sam e instrum ent. 
 
17. If any provision of this Agreem ent is or becom es void or unenforceable by force or by operation of law, 
the rem aining provisions shall remain valid and enforceable. 
 
18. Any failu re by either party to  exercise an y rights arisin g as a resu lt of the obligations set o ut in this 
Agreem ent shall not act as a waiver of such ri ghts, nor shal l any partial exerci se of any  right precl ude any  
further exercise of such rights. 
 
<*$p$*>19. This Agreem ent shall be governed by and inte rpreted in accordance with the laws of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.<*$p$*> 
 
20. Any amendm ents to this Agreem ent shall be bi nding on t he part ies onl y if made in writing and si gned by  
duly authorised representative of each party. 
 
 NDA Page 4 of 4 
 
 
  
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEROF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be signed in duplicate, and to be effective 
as of the date first written above. 
 
COMPANY A       COMPANY B 
 
 
 
 
 
 
……………………………………..    …………………………………. 
 
 
 
Name:  …………………     Name:  ……………… 
 
 
 
Position:  ………………..     Position  ……………… 
 
 
 
Date:  ………………….    Date:  ………………. 
 
 