FORS CERTIFICATION BODY NON DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
This Agreement is made XX…day of  XX 20XX 
 
BETWEEN  
 
AECOM  Limited , company number 01846493,  whose registered office is 63-77 Victoria 
Street, St Albans, Hertfordshire, AL1 3ER .  
  
AND  
 
[Company name, number  and address .]  
 
The above parties being r eferred to in this Agreement as the “Parties” or individually as the 
“Party”  
 
BACKGROUND 
 
(A) The Parties have each requested the other to make available confidential information 
concerning the other for the purposes o f evaluating [Company name ] becoming a 
Fleet Operator Recognition Scheme (FORS) certification body which would mean that 
it would be approved by FORS to undertake fee earning audits on members who 
would then be accredited and recognised as FORS operators   (the “Permitted 
Purpose”).  
 
(B) For their mutual benefit, the Parties wish to exchange such confidential information  
 
1. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  
“Confidential Information” means collectively and individually all or any information of 
whatsoever nature, di sclosed in any form, whether oral, visual, written or in electronic 
form (including, without limitation, any  documentation, reports, calculations, 
processes, methodologies, manuals  and membership data ) relating to [Company 
name]  and FORS operators, audit processes and commercial data together with all 
records or copies or e xtracts thereof in whatever media held.  
 
2. RECEIVING PARTY’S OBLIGATIONS  
 In consideration of the disclosing of Confidential Information to each other, each Party 
undertakes  to the other Par ty:- 
 
2.1.1  to keep the Confidential Information secret and acknowledges the proprietary nature 
of the Confidential Information;  
 
2.1.2 to use it only for the Permitted Purpose;  
 
2.1.3  not to disclose it to anyone or to make copies of it unless this Agreem ent expressly 
permits such disclosure or the prior written consent of the other Party  is given.  
 
2.2 The above duties of confidentiality shall not apply to information that the receiving 
Party can demonstrate by reasonable documentary proof: - 
 
2.2.1  to hav e been in the public domain at the time of receipt or  to subsequently entered 
the public domain through no fault of the receiving Party;  
 
2.2.2 to have been l awfully known by the r eceiving P arty prior to its receipt; or  
 
2.2.3 to have been disclosed to the  receiving Party without restriction by a third  party.  
 
 
3. PERMITTED DISCLOSURE  
3.1 The receiving Party  may disclose Confidential Information:  
 
3.1.1  only to such employees of the receiving Party as are strictly necessary for the 
Permitted Purpose; and/or  
 
3.1.2  as required by any order of any court of competent jurisdiction or any competent 
judicial, governmental or regularly body.  
 
3.2 Prior to disclosure of any Confidential I nformation under Clause 3.1.2, the r eceiving 
Party shall (to the extent permitt ed by law) inform the disclosing Party  of the complete  
circumstances and the details of the information to be disclosed.   
 
4. THIRD PARTIES  
<*$p$*>4.1 The receiving Party shall notify anyone to whom it is authorized to disclose the Confidential Information that it is confidential and encourage them to comply with this Agreement. On the request of the disclosing Party, the receiving Party will attempt to procure that they enter into a confidentiality agreement on terms and conditions no less onerous than those contained in this Agreement.<*$p$*>  
 
4.2 Neither P arty may assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other  
Party . 
 
4.3 This Agreement shall not confer and shall not purport to confer on any third party any 
benefit or any right to enforce any term of this  Agreement for the purposes of the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999  or otherwise.  
 
5. COPIES  
5.1 The receiving Party shall acquire no proprietary interest in or right to the Confidential 
Information  supplied to it by the disclosing Party .  
 
5.1.1  The r eceiving Party may  only make such copies of Confidential Information as are 
expressly authorised by the disclosing Party for the Permitted Purpose and for 
disclosures that are not in breach of this Agreement.  The receiving Party will clearly 
label  all copies of Confidential Information as confidential.  
 
<*$p$*>5.2 If the disclosing Party so requests in writing, the receiving Party shall, within 90 days: - 5.2.1 return all Confidential Information including copies to the disclosing Party; and 5.2.2 destroy or permanently erase all copies made by the receiving Party and procure that anyone to whom the receiving Party has supplied copies destroys or permanently erases such copies and any further copies made by them.<*$p$*>  
 
6. GENERAL  
<*$p$*>6.1 Each Party shall indemnify and hold harmless the other Party against all loss, damage and expense (excluding legal expenses) whatsoever and howsoever arising out of or in connection with any breach by the first Party or its employees of this Agreement, up to a maximum of £100.<*$p$*>  
 
6.2 Each Party acknowledges and agrees that damages alone may not be an adequate 
remedy for a breach of this Agreement and that each Party shall be entitled to an 
order for injunctive relief in the event of any actual, threatened or anticipated breach 
of this Agreement  by the other  Party .  
 
6.3 Nothing in this Agreement or its operation shall constitute an obligation on either 
Party to enter into any proposed joint venture, consortium or partnership or pursue 
any commercial arrangement with the other Party.  
 
7. GOVERNING LAW  
7.1 No amendments, changes or modifications to this Agreement shall be valid except if 
the same are agreed in writing and signed by a duly authorised representative or 
each of the P arties hereto.   
 
7.2 This Agreement comprises the full and complete agreement of the Parties her eto with 
respect to the Confidential Information and supersedes and cancels all prior 
communications, understandings and agreements between the P arties relating to the 
Confidential Information whether oral, express or implied.  
 
<*$p$*>7.3 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of England and Wales. Each Party irrevocably agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of any court of their choosing to settle any dispute that arises out of or in connection with this Agreement.<*$p$*>  
 
IN WI TNESS whereof the Parties have entered into this Agreement on the date 
stated at the beginning.  
 
 
 
………………………………………….... ...... 
 
(Signed)  
 
 
…………………………………………..........  
(Name)  
 
 
…………………………………………..........  
(Position)   
Authorised signatory for and on behalf of 
AECOM  Limited  
 
…………………………………………..........  
 
(Signed)  
 
 
…………………………………………..........  
(Name)  
 
 
…………………………………………..........  
(Position)  
 
Authorised signatory for and on behalf of 
[Company name]  
 