Non-Disclosure  Agreement  
(Non -Standard)  
This Non-Disclosure Agreement  ("Agreement")  is between  County of Orange (“County”) and Microsoft 
Corporation and its affiliates (“Microsoft”) as indicated in the signature block  below.   The County and Microsoft 
may be referred to individually as “Party” or collectively as “Parties.”  “We,” “us”  and “our” refer to both of the 
Parties  signing  below  and the Parties’ respective  affilia tes. 
COMPANY  AND ITS AFFILIATES  or INDIVIDUAL:  
County  of Orange , a political subdivision of the State of 
California  MICROSOFT  CORPORATION  
AND ITS AFFILIATES  
Address: 333 W. Santa Ana Blvd. One Microsoft  Way 
Redmond,  WA 98052 -6399 
Santa  Ana, CA 
92701  
USA USA 
Sign:  
Print Name: Charles Eckstrom Print Name:  
Print Title: Interim Chief Information Officer Print Title: 
Signature  Date:  Signature  Date:  
<*$p$*>Expiration Date of this Agreement: This Agreement expires three hundred and sixty-five (365) days from the later of the two signature dates above, unless an earlier date is stated in the limited purpose that follows.<*$p$*>  
Limited  Purpose:  Application  of this Agreement  is limited  to the following  transaction  or other  interaction  
between  the parties:  
Participation in the County of Orange HRS Data Analytics Project – Phase I and development of the 
associated Enterprise-wide Business Intelligence Platform.   
Corporate and External Legal Affairs (CELA)  Contact :  Charlie Bingham (CELA)  
1.The purpose  of this Agreement.  This Agreement  allows  us to disclose Confidential
Information  (defined below)  to each  other,  to our own affiliates  and to the other’s  affiliates,  under  the following 
terms.  An “affiliate”  is any legal entity  that one of us owns,  that owns one of us or that is under  common  
control  with one of us. “Control”  and “own”  mean  possessing  a 50% or greater  interest  in an entity  or the right 
to direct  the management  of the entity.   Additionally we may disclose the other’s Confidential Information to 
our respective  Representatives ( as defined herein below) only if those Representatives are required to have 
the Confidential Information for the purposes in this Agreement.  Before doing so, each Party must ensure 
that affiliates and Representatives  are required to protect the Confidential Information on terms consistent 
with this Agreement . 
2.Confidential  information.
Microsoft Filing Instructions : after both parti es sign and date this Agreement , Your customer should retain one  
Attachment A
Page 1 of 5
original  for their files and return  the other to you. Then,  address  the second  original  to: 
NDA,  CRM 124/Records  
Microsoft  Corporation  
1 Microsoft  Way 
Redmond,  WA 98052 -6399 
 IEAID:243659  
Attachment A
Page 2 of 5
a.What  is included.  "Confidential  Information"  is non-public  information,  know-how and trade secrets  in
any form that:
A. Are designated  in writing  as “confidential”  at the time of their disclosure and include : (1) corporate
financial records or corporate proprietary information (e.g. trade secrets) exempted under the
California Public Records Act, California Government Code Sections 6250, et seq .; or (2)
information that a reasonable person knows or reasonably should understand to be confidential ,
and is treated  confidential by the disclosing party.
B. The County’s sensitive security information, or technical data, programs, software (including
configuration or source codes ), technical information, screen shots, customer information,
employee records, computer network, architectural or engineering information, exploitable data,
information protected by privacy law, or other information that is treated as confidential by the
County, or is prohibited from being disclosed for any reason pursuant to law, statute, regulation,
ordinance, or contract .
b.What  is not included . The following  types  of information,  however  marked,  are not Confidential
Information.  Information  that:
Is, or becomes,  publicly  available  without  a breach  of this Agreement  or through no fault of the
recipient of the information ;
Is or becomes  lawfully  known  to the recipient  of the information  without  an obligation  to keep it
confidential;
Is received  from another  source  who can disclose  it lawfully;
Is independently  developed;
Is a comment  or suggestion  one of the Parties  volunteers  about  the other’s  business,  products  or
services ;
Is in the recipient’s possession before receipt from the discloser of the information;
Is disclosed by the recipient with the discloser’s prior written approval; or
Is disclosed by court order or under operation of applicable law including , but not limited to,  the
California Public Records Act, California Government Code Section s 6250, et seq .
3.Treatment  of Confidential  Information.
a.In general.  Subject  to the other terms  of this Agreement,  each of us agrees:
Except as required under any court order or law including, but not limited to, the California Public
Records Act and Ralph M.  Brown Act  (California Government Code section 54950 et seq .), subpoena,
or any other legally permitted or required disclosure, the Parties  agree not to disclose the other’s
Confidential Information to third parties except to those employees of a recipient who are required
to have the information for the purposes in this Agreement, Representatives (defined below), and
except as otherwise allowed in this Agreement ; and
The Parties will use and disclose the other’s  Confidential  Information  only for purposes of
evaluating and engaging in an actual or potential business  relationship  with each other.
b.Security  precautions .  Each Party agrees:
To take reasonable  steps  to protect  the other  Party’s  Confidential  Information.  These steps  must
be at least as protective  as those  we take to protect  our own Confidential  Information  of a
similar nature ;
To notify  the other  promptly  upon discovery  of any unauthorized  use or disclosure  of Confidential
Information;  and
Attachment A
Page 3 of 5
To cooperate  with the other to help regain  control  of the Confidential  Information  and prevent
further  unauthorized  use or disclosure  of it.
c.Sharing  Confidential  Information  with affiliates  and Representatives.
For the purposes of this Agreement, a “Representative” is an employee, contractor, vendor,
service provider, advisor or consultant of a Party or a Party’s respective affiliates including,
but not limited to, Science Applications International Corporation ( “SAIC”) and Atos
Governmental IT Outsourcing Services, LLC (“Atos”) and each of their respective employees ,
affiliates , and subcontractors .
Each Party may disclose the other’s Confidential Information to its Representatives (who may
then disclose that Co nfidential Information to other of its Representatives) only if those
Representatives are required to have the Confidential Information for the purpose s in this
Agreement.   Before doing so, each Party must ensure that affiliates and Representatives are
required to protect the Confidential Information on terms consistent with this Agreement.
Neither  Party is required  to restrict  work assignments  of Representatives  who have had access  to
Confidential  Information.   Each Party  acknowledges that they cannot  control  the incoming  information
the other  Party will disclose  in the course  of the business relationship between the Parties , or what
each Party’s Representatives  will remember,  even without  notes  or other aids.  Each Party agrees
that use of information  in its Representatives’  unaided  memories  in the development  or
deployment  of the Parties’  respective  products  or services  does not create  liability for that Party
under  this Agreement  or trade secret  law. Both Parties mutually agree  to limit what each Party
discloses  to the other  accordingly.
d.Disclosing  Confidential  Information  if required  to by law.   Each Party may disclose the
other’s Confidential Information if required to comply with a court order, law, or other
government demand that has the  force of law including, but not limited to, the California Public
Records Act , California Government Code section 6250 et seq . If a Party is required to disclose
the other Party’s Confidential Information pursuant to applicable law, statute, or regulation , or
court order, that Party will give to the other written notice of the order or request mandating
disclosure of the Confidential Information in order to provide a reasonable opportunity for the
other Party to object to such disclosure of its Confidentia l Information and seek a protective
order or appropriate remedy.  If, in the absence of a protective order, the recipient determines
that it is required to disclose such information, it may disclose without breach of this Agreement
only Confidential Inform ation specifically required and only to the extent compelled to do so .
By entering into this Agreement, Microsoft expressly acknowledges that the County is a
government entity subject to the California Public Records Act.  <*$p$*>If the County receives a request pursuant to the California Public Records Act for Confidential Information that Microsoft has designated as “confidential ” in writing , the County will attempt to notify Microsoft of the request if practical, but bears no responsibility if unable to do so.<*$p$*>
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, the County may in its discretion disclose
Microsoft’s Confidential Information in the County’s possession without breach of this Agreement
if the County notifies Microsoft of the pending California Public Records Act request and Microsoft
fails to seek and obtain protection from disclosure by a court of competent jurisdiction.
4.Length  of Confidential  Information  obligations.  <*$p$*>Except as permitted above and unless otherwise required by applicable law or court order , neither Party will use or disclose the other’s Confidential Information for one year after it is received . The one-year time period does not apply if applicable law requires a longer period. This duty to withhold Confidential Information survives any expiration or termination of this Agreement as provided herein .<*$p$*>
5.General  rights  and obligations.
Attachment A
Page 4 of 5
a. Law that  applies;  jurisdiction  and venue.   This Agreement has been negotiated and executed in the State 
of California and shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, without 
reference to conflicts of law provisions.  In the event of any legal action to enforce or i nterpret this 
Agreement, the sole and exclusive venue shall be a court of competent jurisdiction located in Orange 
County, California, and the Parties hereto agree to and do hereby submit to the jurisdiction of such court, 
notwithstanding California Code o f Civil Procedure section 394.  Furthermore, the Parties specifically agree 
to waive any and all rights to request that an action be transferred for trial to another county.  
 
b. Compliance  with law. Each of us will comply  with all export  laws that apply  to Confidential  
Information.  
 
c. Waiver.  Any delay  or failure  of either  of us to exercise  a right or remedy will not result  in a waiver  of 
that, or any other,  right or remedy.  
 
d. Money  damages  insufficient.  Each of us acknowledges  that money  damages  may not be sufficient  
compensation  for a breach  of this Agreement.  <*$p$*>Each of us agrees that neither party may seek court orders to stop Confidential Information from becoming public in breach of this Agreement.<*$p$*>  
 
e. Transfers  of this Agreement.  If one of us transfers  this Agreement,  we will  not disclose  the other’s  
Confidential  Information  to the transferee  without  the other’s  consent.  
 
f. Enforceability.  If any provision  of this Agreement  is unenforceable,  the parties  (or, if we cannot  agree,  
a court)  will revise  it so that it can be enforced.  Even if no revision  is possible,  the rest of this Agreement  
will remain  in place.  
 
g. Entire  agreement.  This Agreement  does not grant  any implied  intellectual  property  licenses  to 
Confidential  Information,  except  as stated  above.  We may have contracts  with each other  covering  other  
specific  aspects  of our relationship (“other  contracts”).  The other  contract may include commitments  
about  Confidential  Information,  either  within  it or by referencing  another  non-disclosure  agreement.  If so, 
those  obligations  remain  in place for purposes  of that other  contract.  With this exception,  this is the 
entire  agreement  between  us regarding  Confidential  Information.  It replaces  all other  agreements  and 
understandings  regarding  Confidential  Information.  We can only change  this Agreement  with a signed  
document  that states  that it is changing  this Agreement.  
Attachment A
Page 5 of 5