 
 1 NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
Compensair  Pte.Ltd , a private company limited by shares, incorporated under the laws of Singapore  
under company number 201913904W  and having registered office at 10 Anson Road #09 -03, 
International Plaza, Singapore 079903 (hereinafter – “Discloser”), cooperating with the Agents 
pursuant to the Contract for client acquisition (hereinafter – “Recipient”), enter into the Non-disclosure 
Agreement (hereinafter – “Agreem ent”) on the following terms (hereinafter – the “Terms”) . 
 
1. Definitions.  For purposes of this Agreement the following terms have the meanings specified for 
them:  
1.1. “Affiliate ” means any corporation, company or other entity that directly or indirectly controls, is 
controlled by, or is under common control with a party to this Agreement. An entity is regarded as in 
control of another or owning another if it owns or controls, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) 
or more of the shares entitled to vo te for the election of directors or other persons performing similar 
functions.  
1.2. “ Confidential Information ” – Confidential Information is any information of the Discloser of 
actual or potential commercial value owing to the fact that it is unknown to t hird parties; disclosed by 
the Discloser to the Recipient in writing, by way of document delivery, including in an electronic 
format safeguarded from unauthorised access to the information in transit; related to business or 
financial plans or strategies, f inancial reports or accounting (except to the extent contemplated by the 
law), contractual relations, pricing and marketing of goods, products or services, technical information, 
commercial secrets, know -how, research, production plans, concepts, intellect ual property items 
(including inventions, discoveries, innovative ideas, useful models, designs, production prototypes not 
covered by patent for whatever reason, computer programmes, databases, trademark designs not 
registered for whatever reason).  
No info rmation which has become public and to which the Discloser has provided access for third 
parties without limitation or which has become public other than through the fault of the Recipient 
(but not before it becomes publicly circulated), which the Recipien t is able to prove that it had been in 
the possession of before it was disclosed by the Discloser or that such information was provided 
without liability to maintain confidentiality, will be deemed confidential.  
No information which the Recipient is able t o prove it has created without using Confidential 
Information will be deemed confidential.  
1.3. “Discloser ” means the party disclosing Confidential Information under this Agreement.  
1.4. “Recipient ” means the party receiving Confidential Information under this Agreement.  
 
2. Subject of the Agreement.  Parties’ obligations to maintain confidentiality of Confidential 
Information on the terms provided by this Agreement constitute the subject of this Agreement.  
2.1. The Discloser will disclose to the Recipient confidential information related to implementation of 
a service for receiving compensation for delayed and canceled flights.  
2.2. The Recipient and its Representatives having access to Confidential Informat ion must use 
Confidential Information exclusively for the purposes for which Confidential Information was 
disclosed and not use it for any other purpose.  
2.3. Neither Party will disclose the fact of existence of this Agreement without prior approval from t he 
other Party.  
2.4. The Recipient will ensure that information is stored securely and cannot be accessed by any 
individuals, except the Representatives, including outside business hours.  
2.5. In the event that any fact of Confidential Information disclosure to third parties becomes known 
to the Recipient, it will contact the Discloser immediately, advising of such a fact and of any actions 
it is taking to reduce the damage.  
 
3. Permitted Use.  Recipient shall keep Discloser’s Confidentia l Information confidential and use 
Confidential Information only for the above -stated Purpose of Disclosure, or for performing its 
obligations or exercising its rights under this Agreement. Recipient may disclose the Confidential 
Information internally wit hin its organization (including Affiliates) only on a “need -to-know” basis, 
and except for Cardholder Information which shall not be disclosed, to its outside attorneys, 
consultants, contractors and sub -contractors (“ Representatives ”), only to the extent t hose individuals 
are bound by a legal obligation or agreement that is as protective of the Confidential Information as 
 
 2 this Agreement. A Recipient is fully responsible for any breach of the terms of this Agreement by any 
of its Affiliates or Representative s. A Recipient shall use the same degree of care, but no less than a 
reasonable degree of care, as it uses to prevent unauthorized disclosure of its own Confidential 
Information. Except for the permitted uses and disclosures expressly set out in this Agree ment, no 
other uses or disclosures are permitted.  
3.1. A failure to comply with Clause 3.1 of this Agreement will serve good ground for terminating 
access to Confidential Information, whereby the Discloser becomes entitled to a unilateral refusal to 
execut ion of any agreements made between the Parties, by which the Recipient is to receive or has 
received access to Confidential Information.  
3.2. In the event that the confidentiality terms in the agreements made by the Parties, by which the 
Recipient is to b e or has been given access to the Confidential Information, and in this Agreement 
prove to be contradictory, the terms of this Agreement will prevail.  
 
<*$p$*>4. Exceptions. This Agreement imposes no obligation on a Recipient with respect to Confidential Information. A party also may disclose Confidential Information if required by court order, governmental demand, or other compulsory legal process without notifying the Discloser.<*$p$*>  
 
5. Mandatory Disclosure.  If the Recipient is required by the law to disclose Confidential Information, 
it will advise the Discloser immediately. The Recipient undertakes to disclose information exclusively 
to the extent required by the applicable law.  
 
6. Ownership.  As between th e parties, Discloser and Recipient, respectively, will retain all right, title 
and interest to any Confidential Information provided or disclosed by such party under this Agreement.  
The Discloser reserves the right to analyze the actions taken by the Recip ient to safeguard Confidential 
Information. If the Recipient refuses to share information on the actions it is taking to safeguard 
Confidential Information or if such actions are found to be inadequate for safeguarding Confidential 
Information, the Disclos er may refuse to disclose Confidential Information or unilaterally refuse to 
perform under any agreement made between the Parties, by which the Recipient is to receive or has 
received access to Confidential Information.  
 
<*$p$*>7. Return or Destruction. Upon Discloser’s written request, a Recipient may retain all Confidential Information received under this Agreement indefinitely, regardless of its destruction, unless compelled by a valid Singapore court order.<*$p$*>  
 
8. No Commitment.  Each party acknowledges that the other party may be evaluating similar business 
opportunities or proposals with third parties, or developing systems, products, or services that are 
similar in nature to the other party’s current or planned offerings. Nothi ng in this Agreement limits the 
right of either party to develop, procure or market systems, products, or services that may be similar 
to or competitive with those of the other party; provided that no unauthorized use or disclosure of the 
other party’s Con fidential Information is used in such activities. In addition, nothing in this Agreement 
will be construed to prevent either party from entering into negotiations or business relationships with 
any third party, even if such third party is a competitor of a  party to this Agreement.  
 
9. No Licenses or Joint Venture . No party acquires any intellectual property rights under this 
Agreement (including patent, copyright, or trademark rights). Neither party shall make any use of the 
trademarks, trade names, or service marks of the other party without express written consent.  
 
 
 3 10. Liability of the parties.  A Party defaulting under this Agreement will reimburse the other Party 
for any loss resulting from disclosure or unlawful use of Confidential Information. Loss es will be 
reimbursed according to the law of Singapore . 
 
11. Remedies.  The parties acknowledge that improper disclosure of Confidential Information may 
cause irreparable injury to the Discloser, and that remedies at law for any such breach could be 
inadeq uate. In the event of a breach or threatened breach, Discloser has the right to seek injunctive 
relief (in addition to any and all other remedies available at law or equity) without the need to post a 
bond or other security or demonstrate the confidential nature of its Confidential Information. The 
prevailing party in any action to enforce this Agreement is entitled to its reasonable costs and attorneys’ 
fees. Each party irrevocably waives any right it may have to a trial by jury in connection with any 
dispute arising under this Agreement.  
 
12. No Obligation to Disclose.  This Agreement does not obligate any party to disclose Confidential 
Information. By disclosing Confidential Information, however, the Discloser represents and warrants 
that it has all rights  necessary to make the disclosure.  
 
<*$p$*>13. Duration of Obligations. Recipient’s obligations under this Agreement end one (1) year after the date of first disclosure hereunder.<*$p$*>  
 
14. Assignment.  This Agreement may not be assigned or transferred without the pr ior written consent 
of the other party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. Any such assignment or transfer without 
written consent will be void. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will be binding on and inure to 
the benefit of the parties, the ir successors and assigns.  
 
15. Notices.  All notices under this Agreement must be in writing and delivered by hand, overnight 
delivery, or certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, to the Contacts for Legal Notice and 
Business Information Exc hange identified above.  
 
<*$p$*>16. Governing Law. The terms of this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Singapore . All disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be finally settled by litigation in a court of the Discloser's choosing.<*$p$*> The foregoing, 
however, shall not preclude the Parties from applying for a preliminary or injunctive remedy  available 
under applicable l aws for any purpose.  
 
17. Entire Agreement.  This Agreement  constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to 
the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any and all prior agreements and understandings, whether 
written or oral, with respect to s uch subject matter.  
 
18. Severability.  If a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of this Agreement 
is unenforceable, invalid or illegal, it will be severed with the rest of this Agreement remaining in full 
force and effect.  