THIS NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is made and entered into as of 
between thoughtbot, inc. having its place of business at 41 Winter Street, 7th Floor, Boston, MA 02108 and    , having its place of business at                .Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreementthoughtbot, inc.
hello@thoughtbot.com41 Winter St. Floor 7Boston, MA 02108617.482.1300Fax 866.217.5992
Confidential information means any information disclosed to by one party to the other, either directly or indirectly in writing, 
orally or by inspection of tangible or intangible objects, including without limitation documents, business plans, source code, software, documentation, financial analysis, marketing plans, customer names, customer list, customer data. Confidential Information may also include information disclosed to a party by third parties at the direction of a Disclosing Party. Confidential Information shall not, however, include any information which the Receiving party can establish (i) was publicly known and made generally available in the public domain prior to the time of disclosure; (ii) becomes publicly known and made generally available after disclosure through no action or inaction of Receiving Party; or (iii) is in the possession of Receiving Party, without confidentiality restrictions, at the time of disclosure by the Disclosing Party as shown by Receiving Party’s files and records immediately prior to the time of disclosure. The party disclosing the Confidential Information shall be referred to as “Disclosing Party” in the Agreement and the party receiving the Confidential Information shall be referred to as “Receiving Party” in the Agreement.
The Receiving Party agrees not to use any Confidential Information for any purpose except to evaluate and engage in discus-
sions concerning a potential business relationship between the parties hereto. Receiving Party agrees not to disclose any Con-fidential Information to third parties or to its employees, except to those employees who are required to have the information in order to evaluate or engage in discussions concerning the contemplated business relationship. The Receiving Party shall not reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile any prototypes, software or other tangible objects which embody the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information and which are provided to the Receiving Party hereunder.The above named entities wish to explore a business opportunity of mutual interest and in connection with this opportunity 
wishes to execute this Non Disclosure Agreement (“Agreement”).
1. Purpose
2. Confidential Information
3. Non-use and Non-disclosure
<*$p$*>The Receiving Party agrees that it shall take measures it deems appropriate to protect the secrecy of and avoid disclosure and unauthorized use of the Confidential Information.  The Receiving Party is not required to have its employees sign any nonuse and non-disclosure agreement prior to any disclosure of Confidential Information to such employees.<*$p$*> The Receiving Party shall not make any cop -
ies of Confidential Information unless the same are previously approved in writing by the Disclosing Party. The Receiving Party shall reproduce the Disclosing Party’s proprietary rights notices on any such approved copies, in the same manner in which such notices were set forth in or on the original. The Receiving Party shall immediately notify the Disclosing Party in the event of any unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information.
Nothing herein shall obligate either party to proceed with any transaction between them, and each party reserves the right, in 
its sole discretion, to terminate the discussions contemplated by this Agreement concerning the business opportunity.
ALL CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION IS PROVIDED “AS IS”. NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED 
OR OTHERWISE, REGARDING ITS ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR PERFORMANCE.
<*$p$*>All documents and other tangible objects containing or representing Confidential Information and all copies thereof which are in the possession of Receiving Party shall be and remain the property of the Disclosing Party and shall be returned to the Disclosing Party within 180 days of the Disclosing Party's request.<*$p$*>
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to grant any rights to either party under any patent, mask work right or copyright of 
Company, nor shall this Agreement grant Receiving Party any rights in or to Confidential Information except as expressly set forth herein.4. Maintenance and Confidentiality Information
5. No Obligation
6. No Warranty7. Return of Materials
8. No License
<*$p$*>This Agreement shall survive for a period of 1 year from the date of disclosure of the Confidential Information.<*$p$*>9. Term
The Receiving Party agrees that any violation or threatened violation of this Agreement will cause irreparable injury to the Dis-
closing Party, entitling the Disclosing Party to obtain injunctive relief in addition to all legal remedies.
This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their successors and assigns. This Agreement shall 
be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without reference to conflict of laws principles. This docu-ment contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. Any failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver thereof or of any other provision hereof. This Agreement may not be amended, nor any obligation waived, except by a writing signed by both parties hereto. <*$p$*>Any and all disputes arising under or related to this Agreement shall be adjudicated exclusively in the courts of Boston, Massachusetts, waiving rights to a jury trial.<*$p$*> The parties have executed this Nondisclosure Agreement as of the date first above written.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have executed this 
Agreement on the date set forth as written above.
thoughtbot, inc.10. Remedies
11. Miscellaneous
Authorized Signature
Printed NameAuthorized Signature
Printed Name and Title