QuickLinks
-- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document
Exhibit 99(d)(3)
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
This Non-Disclosure Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered into as of July 26, 2002 by and between Big Sky Transportation Company ("Big Sky") and Mesaba Holdings, 
Inc. ("Holdings").
In 
connection with a potential transaction (the "Transaction") between Holdings and Big Sky, Big Sky has and will furnish to Holdings certain information ("Information") including but 
not limited to financial, marketing and operational information, and such other information necessary for Holdings to evaluate the transaction. <*$p$*>The term "Information" shall mean only that information clearly labeled as 'Confidential' and explicitly provided in writing by Big Sky to Holdings. Information derived from unlabeled materials, oral discussions, or Holdings' own analysis shall not be considered "Information" under this Agreement.<*$p$*>
In 
consideration of Big Sky's disclosure to Holdings of the Information, Holdings agrees that it will keep the Information confidential and that the Information will not, without the 
prior written consent of Big Sky, be disclosed by Holdings or by its officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives (collectively, "Representatives"), in any manner whatsoever, in whole or 
in part, and shall not be used by Holdings or by its Representatives, other than in connection with evaluating the Transaction. Moreover, Big Sky agrees to transmit the Information only to such of its 
Representatives who need to know the Information for the sole purpose of assisting Holdings in evaluating the Transaction and who are informed of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, the above restrictions shall not apply to the following:
(i)
Information 
that is publicly available at the time of disclosure (through no act of Holdings of any of its Representatives);
(ii)
Information 
that is disclosed to Holdings by a third party that did not disclose it in violation of a duty of confidentiality;
(iii)
Information 
that was known to Holdings before such Information was provided to it or its Representatives by or on behalf of Big Sky;
(iv)
disclosures 
that are required to be made by Holdings or any of its Representatives under legal process by subpoena or other court order or other 
applicable laws or regulations (provided, however, that Holdings makes reasonable efforts to provide copies of such Information to, or informs Big Sky before disclosure), or that are requested by Big 
Sky.
Without 
the prior written consent of Big Sky, neither Holdings nor its Representatives shall disclose to any person the fact that Holdings has received any Information or that 
discussions or negotiations are taking place concerning the Transaction, including the status thereof. Likewise, without the prior written consent of Holdings, neither Big Sky nor its Representatives 
shall disclose to any person the fact that Holdings has received any Information or that discussions or negotiations are taking place concerning the Transaction, including the status thereof.
Big 
Sky and Holdings agree that, at the conclusion of their review of the Information, or within three business days of the other's request, all copies of the Information, in any form 
whatsoever, will be delivered by Holdings and its Representatives to Big Sky.
Neither 
Big Sky nor any of its Representatives has made or makes any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of the Information. Holdings agrees that neither Big 
Sky nor any of its Representatives shall have any liability to it or to any of its Representatives resulting from the provision or use of the Information.
Each 
party acknowledges that it has been informed that the other party is a publicly-traded corporation and that the Information and the Transaction must be secured from any use or 
dissemination until such time as proper disclosure can be provided to shareholders and the securities markets in order to protect the interests of shareholders of each party and so that the rules and 
statutes pertaining to information about and trading in publicly held securities can be followed. <*$p$*>During negotiations regarding the Transaction, neither party shall engage in transactions of common stock of the other exceeding $10,000, provided they disclose such transactions to the other party within 24 hours.<*$p$*>
<*$p$*>Each party agrees that in the event of a minor breach of this Agreement, monetary damages shall be the sole and exclusive remedy. An injunction may only be granted for breaches involving public dissemination of Information deemed by a court to be of extraordinary value.<*$p$*>
No 
failure or delay by either party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, 
power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof.
Big 
Sky and Holdings agree that, unless and until a definitive agreement between them with respect to the Transaction has been executed and delivered, neither Holdings nor Big Sky will 
be under any legal obligation of any kind whatsoever with respect to the Transaction by virtue of this or any other written or oral expression by either party or by any of their respective 
Representatives except, in the case of this Agreement, for the matters specifically agreed to herein. This Agreement may be modified or waived only by a separate writing by Holdings and Big Sky 
expressly so modifying or waiving such Agreement.
<*$p$*>This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.<*$p$*> Big Sky and Holdings hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive the right to a jury trial in connection with any claim arising out of related to this Agreement, the 
Information, or the Transaction.
In 
witness whereof, this Agreement has been executed as of the date first written above.
BIG SKY TRANSPORTATION CO.
By:
/s/
KIM B. CHAMPNEY
Its:
President and CEO
MESABA HOLDINGS, INC.
By:
/s/
ROBERT E. WEIL
Its:
Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
2
QuickLinks
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT