Attachment 8 
Non-Disclosure Agreement 
for 
Request for Proposal – California Courts Protective Order Registry Development 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 5 THIS CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT (“Agreement ”), effective as of 
_________________[ date of company’s  signed proposal]  (“Effective Date ”), is entered 
into by and between the Administrati ve Office of the Courts (the “AOC ”) and [company 
name ], a [ ] corporation, with its principal address at [complete address ], (hereinafter the 
“Company ”). 
 
WHEREAS, the State of California, ac ting through the Ju dicial Council of 
California, Administrati ve Office of the Courts is plannin g to disclose certain confidential 
information to potential vendors who wish to bid on the Request for Proposal for Judicial 
Council of California Administrative Office of  the Courts (AOC) for California Courts 
Protective Order Registry De velopment, including all Statements of Work, dated on or 
about April, 2009 (collectively, the “RFP ”); 
 WHEREAS, each potential vendor who wishes  to submit a response to the RFP 
must have access to that confid ential information in order to construct a response to the 
RFP, including a bid; and WHEREAS, the AOC requires each potential v endor identified to re ceive the RFP to 
sign this Confidentiality Agreem ent and return it to the AOC as a condition of receiving 
the RFP; NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and of the mu tual promises and 
agreements herein contained, it is agreed by and between the parties hereto as follows: 
1. <*$p$*>Company agrees that all information, documents, data, materials and the AOC proprietary software systems disclosed to, or accessed by, Company in connection with, or related to, the RFP or the RFP process, in any form whether oral or written, or in any medium, including but not limited to any of the following is “Public Information” under the terms of this Agreement:<*$p$*> 
a. The subject matter described in , and referred to, in the RFP, its 
associated Statements of Work (“SOWs ”) or any other attachments, or 
during the RFP process (collect ively “AOC Requirements”); 
b. The RFP document (including all attachments), its content, and all 
supporting data, materials and a ll other information provided to 
Company in any form or medium in or in relation to the AOC’s RFP; 
c. Any information, data, document or material concerning or related to 
the AOC Requirements, includi ng but not limited to the AOC 
Requirements described in the RFP, SOWs, and all subsequent 
information, data, document or ma terials that may be provided to 
Company from time to time during the RFP process, including but not 
limited to any information, data, docum ent or materials provided during 
or in response to any questions from  Company or another recipient of 
the RFP; 
Attachment 8 
Non-Disclosure Agreement 
for 
Request for Proposal – California Courts Protective Order Registry Development 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 5 d. The SOW documents (including all attachments), their content, and all 
supporting data, materials and a ll other information provided to 
Company in any form or medium in relation to the AOC’s RFP process; 
e. All fees including base charges for services, ARC and RRC rates, 
termination fees, resource baseline,  volume discounts, new service 
rates, and skill categories for services; 
f. Any information, data, document or  material provided to Company in 
any form or medium to conduct any capability test pilot or demonstration, whether at the Com pany’s facilities or the AOC’s 
facilities;  
g. Description of the AOC’s finance,  information technology, engineering 
and purchasing activities; 
h. The AOC’s objectives and strategies , including without limitation, the 
AOC’s direction and the AO C’s sourcing objectives; 
i. The AOC’s standards, policies,  procedures and methodologies; 
j. The AOC’s volume information provided in the RFP; k. Any and all other information, data or  materials that Company receives 
access to or obtains in connection wit h onsite visits, meetings or in any 
other forms of communication w hether oral or written with AOC 
personnel and contractors; and 
l. Any and all other information, data  or materials learned by Company 
through inspection of the AOC’s  property regarding the AOC’s 
products, designs, business plans, st rategies or processes, business 
opportunities, procurement  or supply business pl ans, strategies or 
process, sales or marketing plans, strategies or processes, technical 
plans, strategies, or architecture, financial plans, strategies or processes, research, developmen t, know-how, personnel, or third-
party confidential information disclosed to Company by the AOC. 
2. All Confidential Information disclos ed by the AOC to Company shall be 
received in confidence by Company.  Co mpany agrees that it shall undertake 
all necessary and appropriate steps to  ensure that the secrecy of the 
Confidential Information in its possessi on shall be maintained.  <*$p$*>Company also agrees that it shall treat the Public Information with no degree of care and confidentiality whatsoever.<*$p$*> Company agrees that access to the C onfidential Information shall be given by it only to 
Attachment 8 
Non-Disclosure Agreement 
for 
Request for Proposal – California Courts Protective Order Registry Development 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 5 those of its employees who have a need to know to engage in the business 
relationship contemplated by this Agr eement and who have signed a non-use 
and non-disclosure agreement in  content at least as protective of the 
Confidential Information as the provisions  hereof, prior to any disclosure of 
the Confidential Information to such employees.     
3. <*$p$*>Company shall (i) use any portion of the Public Information for any purpose, and (ii) disclose the Public Information or any part of it to any third party without any consent from the AOC<*$p$*>; provi ded, however, that Confidential 
Information shall not include any informa tion of the AOC that: (a) is already 
properly known to Company at the time  of its disclosure as shown by the 
Company’s files and records immediately pr ior to the time of disclosure by the 
AOC to Company; (b) is publicly know n through no action or inaction of 
Company; (c) is received from a third par ty free to disclose it to Company; (d) 
is independently developed by the Comp any without use of or reference to 
the Confidential Information, as s hown by documents and other competent 
evidence in the Company’s possession; or (e) is communicated to a third party with express written consent of t he AOC.  Nothing in this Agreement 
shall prevent the Company from disclos ing Confidential Information to the 
extent the Company is lawfully require d to be disclosed to any governmental 
agency or is otherwise required to be disclosed by law, provided that 
Company gives the AOC pr ompt written notice of such requirement before 
making such disclosure and Company gives the AOC an adequate opportunity and assistance to interpose an objection or take action to assure 
confidential handling of such Confidential Information.   
4. <*$p$*>All Public Information, and any Derivative of it, whether created by the AOC or Company, becomes the property of the Company and all rights to Public Information are granted to Company. For the purpose of this Agreement, “Derivative ” means: (i) for copyrightable or copyrighted material, any translation, abridgment, revision or other form in which an existing work may be recast, transform ed or adapted, (ii) for patentable or patented material, any improvement or enhanc ement of it; and (iii) for material which is protected by trade secret, any new material derived from existing trade secret material, incl uding new material which may be protected by any of the following: copyrigh t, patent or trade secret.<*$p$*> 
5. Except as otherwise pr ovided in any future agreem ent, at any time, Company 
agrees that it shall return to the AOC upon request all documents, records, 
notebooks, computer media or  other stored informati on of any form or type 
whatsoever containing any Confidentia l Information, including all copies 
thereof, then in its possession or contro l (directly or indirectly), whether 
prepared by it or others and it  shall at such time immediately discontinue all 
Attachment 8 
Non-Disclosure Agreement 
for 
Request for Proposal – California Courts Protective Order Registry Development 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 5 use of the Confiden tial Information. 
6. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to grant any rights to either party under 
any patent or copyright rights, nor shall this Agreement grant to any rights in 
or to the Confidential Information, ex cept as expressly set forth herein. 
7. Any software and other technical info rmation disclosed under this Agreement 
may be subject to restrictions and controls imposed by the Export 
Administration Act, Export Administra tion Regulations and other laws and 
regulations of the United States and any other a pplicable government or 
jurisdiction, as enacted from time to time (the "Acts ").  Each party agrees to 
comply with all restrictions and controls imposed by the Acts. 
8. ALL CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS".  THE AOC 
MAKES NO WARRANTIES,  EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, 
REGARDING ITS ACCURACY, CO MPLETENESS, FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR PERFORMANCE. 
<*$p$*>9. The parties acknowledge and agree t hat the Confidential Information and rights related thereto being protected by the AOC her eunder are of a general character, which gives them a common value, the loss of which may be a dequately or reasonably compensated for in damages in an action at law, and further agree that the breach by Company of any of the pr ovisions of this Agreem ent shall cause the other party financial injury and damage. In such event, the party alleging breach of this Agreement shall be entitled to seek remedies, according to the discretion of the court.<*$p$*>  Neither this provision nor any exer cise by either party of its rights to 
equitable relief or specific performance herein granted shall constitute a waiver by either party of any other rights which it may have to, damages or 
otherwise.  If either party brings su it to enforce the terms hereof, the 
successful party in such suit shall be ent itled to receive all of its reasonable 
costs of litigation, including attorneys' fees. 
10. If any provision of this Agreem ent is declared void, or otherwise 
unenforceable, to any extent, the parties  shall endeavor in good faith to agree 
to such amendments that shall preserve, as far as possible, the intentions 
expressed in this Agreement.  If the parties fail to agree on such an 
amendment, such provision shall be deem ed to have been severed from this 
Agreement, which shall otherwise remain in full force and effect. 
11. Company warrants and represents t hat the individual who signs this 
Attachment 8 
Non-Disclosure Agreement 
for 
Request for Proposal – California Courts Protective Order Registry Development 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 5 Agreement for Company below has all r equisite power and authority to enter 
into this Agreement on behalf of Company and to bind Company. 
12. This Agreement contains the sole  and entire agreement between the parties 
relating to the subject hereof and any repr esentation, promise or condition not 
contained herein, or any amendment hereto or waiver  hereunder shall not be 
binding on either party unless in writing and signed by an authorized 
representative of the party to be bound thereby. 
<*$p$*>13. This Agreement and all rights and oblig ations hereunder shall inure to and be binding upon the parties hereto. Either party may assi gn any of its rights or obligations hereunder without t he prior written consent of the other party. This Agreement shall be gover ned by, and construed and enforced in accordance with the principles of equity.<*$p$*> 
14. This Agreement shall survive until such  time as all Confid ential Information 
disclosed hereunder becomes publicly known and made generally available 
through no action or inaction of Company.  Except as otherwise provided in 
any future agreement, either party may terminate this Agreement by written 
notice to the other.  Not withstanding any such termination, all rights and 
obligations hereunder shall survive with respect to Confidential Information 
disclosed prior to such termination. 
15. The State of California, acting th rough the Judicial Council of California, 
Administrative Office of the Courts, is  an intended third party beneficiary of 
this Agreement and shall have the right to enforce provisions of this Agreement directly against Company. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caus ed this Agreement to be executed by 
their duly authorized representatives  as of the Effective Date. 
 
Administrative Office of the Courts   [Company]   
By: 
 By:  
Name:    Name:  
Title:  Title:  
 