1 NON DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT (NDA)  
 
Parties  
1 NOSTRADATA  Limited (ACN 139 103 656) of 1/1-9 Derrick St, Kew VIC 3101  
("NOSTRADATA ");and 
2 The person signing this agreement  ("the Confidant "). 
Background  
Nostra Data intends to provide the Confidant  with  transactional d ata for the purpose s of th e 
2017 Melbourne D atathon to be held between  April 13th and June  2nd 2017  (Datathon ). 
  
Nostra Data is willing to disclose Confidential Information  (as defined below) for the sole 
purpose of the Datathon .  This deed  sets out how this Confidential Information  must be 
treated by the Confidant . 
THIS DEED WITNESSES  
1 Confidential information  
<*$p$*>In this deed, the term Confidential Information means any and all information disclosed by Nostra Data to the Confidant in any form (including verbally, electronically, visually, in writing or in any other tangible form , and all copies of any such information ), which is identified as, notified as being, or which the Confidant independently knows or develops.<*$p$*>   
Confidential Information includes  any data, software, software documentation, source 
code , documentation  for functional specific ations, development guidelines , inventions, 
training materials, third party confidential information , and any information about 
NostraData  which is disclosed to the Confidant  in connection with the Datathon . 
2 Use of Confidential Information  
The Confidant  may only use Confidential Information disclosed to it under this deed  for 
the sole purpose of the Datathon  and must use Confidential Information strictly in 
accordance with NostraData ’s directions and otherwise in accordance with this deed . 
3 Disclosure of Confidential Information  
The Confidant  must not disclose any Confidential Information to any third party without 
the express  and prior  written consent of NostraData .  <*$p$*>The Confidant must take commercially reasonable precautions to avoid unauthorised disclosure and protect against unauthorised use o f the Confidential Information , such precautions to be equivalent to industry standard protections and in accordance with general privacy principles.<*$p$*> The 
Confidant must not store the Confidential Information on a public web server.  
2 4 Disclosure required by law  
If the Confidant  is required by law to disclose any Confidential Information to a third 
person, the Confidant  must:  
(a) before doing so:  
(i) notify Nostra Data; and 
(ii) give NostraData  a reasonable opportunity to take any steps that 
NostraData  considers necessary to protect the confid entiality of that 
information; and  
(b) notify the third person that the information is the Confidential Information 
of NostraData . 
5 Reverse engineering,  decompilation  and re -identification  
The Confidant  must not reverse engineer or decompile any software included in any 
Confidential Information, or make any unauthorised copies of any Confidential 
Information.  The Confidant must not attempt to re-identify any personal information 
that has been de -identified in the Confidential Information.  
6 Indemnity  
<*$p$*>As the disclosure of the Confidential Information may cause harm to the business of NostraData, the Confidant hereby undertakes to indemnify NostraData against direct damages only arising directly from a wilful breach of this deed by the Confidant.<*$p$*> 
7 Acknowledgement  
Notwithstanding clause 6, the Confidant  acknowledges that it is aware that any breach 
of this deed  may result in damage to NostraData  and that NostraData  is entitled to 
enforce its rights by seeking specific performance or injunction proceedings , as 
monetary damages may not be sufficient relief . 
8 Rights in Confidential Information  
The Confidant  acknowledges that it has no proprietary rights, title or interest in, and will 
not acquire any licence, rights, title or interest in, any Confidential Information or other 
information disclosed by NostraDa ta to the Confidant . 
9 Return of Confidential Information  
Following any request by NostraData , the Confidant  must immediately provide to 
NostraData  all Confidential Information and certify that no Confidential Information is 
retained  by the Confidant . The obligation to return Confidential Information includ es the 
obligation to return any and all Confidential Information in physical, electronic or other 
tangible form.  
3 10 Deletion of  data  at the conclusion of the Datathon  
At the conclusion of the Datathon  the Confi dant must permanently delete all  data 
provided by  NostraData . The data may be retained if NostraData  makes specific requests 
for further demonstrations.  
11 Intellectual Property  
<*$p$*>Any source code developed by the Confidant for the purpose of the Datathon will remain the intellectual property of the Confidant, unless NostraData deems it beneficial to their business, in which case ownership will transfer to NostraData.<*$p$*> It is not required to submit source 
code to be eligible to participate in the Datathon.  
By making a submi ssion at the conclusion of the D atathon , consisting of a deck of slides 
presenting the Confidant's insights extracted from the Confidential Information, the 
Confidant grants the Datathon organisers and NostraData  an irrevocable, non -exclusive, 
royalty -free and perpetual right to use, modify, di stribute to the public, and publicly 
display the content of the submission  
12 General  
(a) <*$p$*>This deed is governed by the laws of the State of Victoria, Australia, except for matters pertaining to intellectual property, which shall be governed by the laws of Delaware, USA.<*$p$*>  
(b) This deed  constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and 
supersedes all prior understandings and agreements concerning its subject 
matter .  
(c) The words “includes” and “including” a re not words of limitation  
 
Signed by the Confidant               
The informat ion below may be collected separately during the registration process of the Datathon.  
 
Full name    …………………………………………………… ………………………… ……………………………………  
 
Address    …………………………………………………… ………………………… ……………………………………  
 
Occupation  and employer (if applicable)  …………………………………………………… ………………………… …….. 
 
Date      …………………………………………………… ………………………… ……………………………………  
 
Signature    …………………………………………………… ………………………… ……………………………………  