 
  
 
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREE MENT 
 
THIS AGR EEMENT (the "Agreement”) is entered into on this          day of                         by and 
between NPAF.CA (www.npaf.ca) , located at    St. John’s, Newfoundland, Canada ( the” Disclosing 
Party”), and 
                                                       with and address at                                             (the “Recipient” or the 
“Receiving Party”). 
 
The Recipient hereto desires to participate in discussions regarding    
(the  “Transaction”).     During  these  discussions,  Disclosing  Party  may  share  certain  proprietary 
information  with the  Recipient.   Therefore, in  co nsideration  of the  mutual  promises  and  covenants 
contained in this Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of 
which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 
1.           Definition of Confidential Information. 
 
(a)        <*$p$*>For purposes of this Agreement, “Confidential Information” means data or information that the Disclosing Party deems proprietary, whether or not it is generally known to the public. This includes, without limitation: (i) marketing strategies, plans, financial data, projections, operations, sales estimates, business plans, and performance results relating to the past, present, or future business activities of the party, its affiliates, subsidiaries, and affiliated companies; (ii) product or service plans, and customer or supplier lists; (iii) scientific or technical data, inventions, designs, processes, procedures, formulas, improvements, technologies, or methods; (iv) concepts, reports, data, know-how, works-in-progress, designs, development tools, specifications, computer software, source code, object code, flow charts, databases, inventions, information, and trade secrets; and (v) any other information the Disclosing Party designates as confidential.<*$p$*>  <*$p$*>Confidential Information must not be novel, unique, patentable, copyrightable or constitute a trade secret in order to be designated Confidential Information.<*$p$*>  The Receiving Pa rty acknowledges that the Confidential Information is proprietary to the 
Disclosing Pa rty, has been de veloped and  obtained through great efforts by the Disclosing Pa rty and that 
Disclosing Party regards all of its Confidential Information as trade secrets 
 
(b)        <*$p$*>Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Confidential Information shall not include information which: (i) was known by the Receiving Party prior to receiving the Confidential Information from the Disclosing Party; (b) becomes known to the Receiving Party from any source; (c) is or becomes publicly available, regardless of fault; (d) is required to be disclosed in a judicial or administrative proceeding, without prior notice to the Disclosing Party; and (e) is independently developed by employees of the Receiving Party, regardless of access to Confidential Information.<*$p$*> 
 
2.           Disclosure of Confidential Information. 
 
From time to time, the Disclosing Party may disclose Confidential Information to the 
Receiving Pa rty.  The Receiving Pa rty will:  (a) limit disclosure of any Confidential Information to its 
directors, officers, employees,  agents or representatives (collectively “Representatives”) who have a 
need  to know su ch Confidential Information in connection with the current or contemplated business 
relationship between the parties to which this Agreement relates, and o nly for that purpose; (b) advise its 
Representatives of the proprietary nature of the Confidential Information and of the obligations set forth
2 
 
 in this Agreement and require such Representatives to keep the Confidential Information confidential; (c) 
shall keep all Confidential Information strictly confidential by using a reasonable degree of care, but not 
less than the degree of care used by it in safeguarding its own confidential information; and (d) not 
disclose any Confidential Information received by it to any third parties (except as otherwise provided for 
herein). 
 
Each  party shall be responsible for any breach of this Agreement by any of their respective 
Representatives. 
 
3.           Use of Confidential Information. 
 
The Receiving Pa rty agrees to use the Confidential Information solely in connection with 
the current or contemplated business relationship between the parties and not for any purpose other than 
as authorized by this Agreement without the prior written consent of an authorized representative of the 
Disclosing Party.  No other right or license, whether expressed or implied, in the Conf idential Information 
is granted to the Receiving Party hereunder.  Title to the Confidential Information will remain solely in 
the Disclosing Party.  All use of Confidential Information by the Receiving Party shall be for the benefit 
of the Disclosing Party and any modifications and improvements thereof by the Receiving Pa rty shall be 
the sole property of the Disclosing Pa rty.  Nothing con tained herein is intended to modify the parties' 
existing agreement that their discussions in furtherance of a potential business relationship are governed 
by Fede ral Rule of Evidence 408. 
 
 
4.           Compelled Disclosure of Confidential Information. 
 
Notwithstanding an ything in the foregoing to the contrary, the Receiving Party may disclose 
Confidential Information pursuant to any governmental, judicial, or administrative order, subpo ena, 
discovery request, regulatory request or similar method, provided that the Receiving Pa rty promptly notifies, 
to the extent practicable, the Disclosing Pa rty in writing of su ch demand for disclosure so that the Disclosing 
Party, at its sole expe nse, may seek to make such disclosure subject to a protective order  or  other  
appropriate  remedy  to  preserve  the  con fidentiality  of  the  Confidential  Information; provided in the 
case of a b road regulatory request with respect to the Receiving Party’s business (not targeted at Disclosing 
Party), the Receiving Party may promptly comply with such request provided the Receiving Pa rty give (if 
permitted by su ch regulator) the Disclosing Pa rty prompt notice of such disclosure.  The Receiving Pa rty 
agrees that it shall not oppose and sh all coop erate with efforts by, to the extent practicable, the Disclosing 
Party with respect to any such request for a protective order or other relief.   Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
if the Disclosing Party is unable to obtain or does not seek a protective order and the Receiving Pa rty is 
legally reque sted or required to disclose such Confidential Information, disclosure of such Con fidential 
Information may be made without liability. 
 
5.           Term. 
 
This  Agreement  shall  remain  in  effect  for  a  two-year  term  (subject  to  a  one  year 
extension if the parties are still discussing and  considering the Tran saction at the end  of the second year). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties’ duty to hold in confidence Confidential Information that was 
disclosed during term shall remain in effect indefinitely. 
 
6.           Remedies. 
 
Both parties acknowledge that the Confidential Information to be disclosed hereund er is 
of  a  unique  and  valuable  character,  and  that  the  unau thorized  dissemination  of  the  Confidential
3 
 
 Information would destroy or  diminish the value of such information.  The damages to Disclosing Pa rty that  
would  result  from  the  unau thorized  dissemination  of  the  Confidential  Information  would  be impossible 
to calculate.  Therefore, both parties hereby agree that the Disclosing Pa rty shall be entitled to injunctive 
relief  preventing the dissemination of any Confidential Information in violation of the terms hereof.  Such 
injunctive relief shall be in addition to any other remedies available hereund er, whether at law or in equity.   
Disclosing Party shall be entitled to recover its costs and fees, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, 
incurred in obtaining any such relief.   Fur ther, in the event of litigation relating to this Agreement, the prevailing 
party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorney’s fees and expenses. 
 
7.           Return of Confidential Information. 
 
Receiving Pa rty shall immediately return and redeliver to the other all tangible material 
embodying the Confidential Information p rovided hereunder and all notes, summaries, memoranda, 
drawin gs,  manuals,  records,  excerpts  or  derivative  information  deriving  there  from  and  all  other 
docu ments or materials (“Notes”) (and all copies of any of the foregoing, including “cop ies” that have 
been con verted to computerized media in the form of image, da ta or word processing files either manua lly 
or by image capture) based on or including any Confidential Information, in whatever form of  storage or 
retrieval, upon the earlier of (i) the completion or termination of the dealings between the parties 
contemplated hereunder; (ii) the termination of this Agreement; or (iii) at such time as the Disclosing 
Party may so  request; provided ho wever that the Receiving Pa rty may retain such of its documents as is 
necessary to enable it to comply with its document retention policies.  Alternatively, the Receiving Pa rty, 
with the written consent of the Disclosing Pa rty may (or in the case of Notes, at the Receiving Pa rty’s option) 
immediately de stroy any of  the foregoing e mbodying Confidential Information (or the reasonably 
nonrecoverable data erasure of computerized data) and, upon  request, certify in writing such destruction 
by an au thorized officer of the Receiving Party supervising the destruction). 
 
8.           Notice of Breach. 
 
Receiving Pa rty shall notify the Disclosing Pa rty immediately upon  discovery of any 
unau thorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information  by Receiving Pa rty or its Representatives, or 
any o ther breach of this Agreement by Receiving Pa rty or its Representatives, and will coop erate with efforts 
by the Disclosing Pa rty to help the Disclosing Pa rty regain possession of Confidential Information and 
prevent its further unauthorized use. 
 
9.           No Binding Agreement for Trans action. 
 
The parties agree  that neither party will  be  under any legal  obligation  of  any kind 
whatsoever with respect to a Transaction by virtue of this Agreement, except for the matters specifically 
agreed to herein.  The pa rties further acknowledge and agree that they each reserve the right, in their sole 
and absolute discretion, to reject any and all proposals and to terminate discussions and ne gotiations with 
respect to a Tran saction at any time.   This Agreement does not create a joint venture or partnership 
between the parties.   If a Transaction goes forward, the non-disclosure provisions of any applicable 
transaction documents entered into between the parties (or their respective affiliates) for the Transaction 
shall supersede this Agreement. In the event such provision is not provided for in said transaction docu ments, 
this Agreement shall control. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4 
 
  
10.         Warra nty. 
 
<*$p$*>Each party warrants that it has the right to make the disclosures under this Agreement.  Each party warrants the completeness and accuracy of the provided confidential information. The parties acknowledge that they shall include in the Confidential Information all information that they each believe relevant for the purpose of the evaluation of a Transaction.<*$p$*> Fur ther, neither party 
is under  any ob ligation under this Agreement to disclose any Confidential Information it choo ses not to 
disclose.  Neither Party hereto shall have any  liability to the other party or to the other party’s Representatives 
resulting from any  use of the Confidential Information except with respect to disclosure of such Confidential 
Information in violation of this Agreement. 
 
11.         Miscellaneous. 
 
(a)        This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding between the parties and 
supersedes any and  all prior or contemporaneous understandings and agreements, whether oral or written, 
between the parties, with respect to the subject matter hereof.  This Agreement can only be modified by a 
written amendment signed by the pa rty against whom enforcement of such modification is sought. 
 
(b)        <*$p$*>The validity, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Ontario, Canada, regardless of where the contract is performed. The courts of Newfoundland, Canada, shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes arising under this Agreement.<*$p$*> 
 
(c)        <*$p$*>Any failure by either party to enforce the other party’s strict performance of any provision of this Agreement will constitute a waiver of its right to subsequently enforce that specific provision.<*$p$*> 
 
(d)        Although the restrictions contained in this Agreement are considered by the 
parties to be reasonable for the purpose of protecting the Confidential Information, if any such restriction 
is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unen forceable, such provision will be modified, rewritten 
or interpreted to include as much of its nature and scope as will render it enforceable.   If it cann ot be 
so modified, rewritten or interpreted to be enforceable in any respect, it will not be given effect, and the 
remainder of the Agreement will be enforced as if such provision was not included.  
 
(e)        Any no tices or communications required or permitted to be given hereunder may be 
delivered by hand,  deposited with a nationally recognized overnight carrier, electronic-mail, or mailed by 
certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, in each case, to the address of the other party first 
indicated abo ve (or such other addressee as may be  furnished by a  party in accordance with this paragraph).  
All such notices or communications shall be deemed to have been  given and received (a) in the ca se of 
personal delivery or electronic-mail, on the da te of such delivery, (b) in the case of delivery by a  nationally 
recognized overnight carrier, on the third business day following dispatch and (c) in the case of  mailing, on 
the seventh business day following such mailing. 
 
(f)         This Agreement is personal in nature, and neither party may directly or indirectly 
assign or transfer it by ope ration of law or otherwise without the prior written consent of the other party, 
which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.   All obligations contained in this Agreement shall extend 
to and be binding upon  the parties to this Agreement and their respective successors, assigns and de sign 
5 
 
  
(g)        The receipt of Confidential Information pursuant to this Agreement will not prevent or in any 
way limit either party from: (i) developing, making or marketing products or services that are or may be  
competitive with the products or services of the other; or (ii) providing products or services to others who 
compete with the other. 
 
(h)        Paragraph headings used in this Agreement are for reference only and shall not 
be used or relied upon  in the interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
IN WIT NESS WHEREO F, the parties hereto have execu ted this Agreement as of the date first 
above written. 
 
 
 
Disclosing Party                                                                                                                    Receiving Party 
 
 
 
 
By                                                                                                    By   
Name:  NPAF.CA                                                                                             Name: 
Title:    Founder                                                                                             Title: 