 1NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
 
This Agreement is entered into as of ______________  (the “ Effective Date ”) by and between, Adv. 
Ofer Shapira and Adv. Oded Goldstein As receivers o n the "Pledged Assets" as defined in Tel:Aviv 
district court's resolution dated 2.12.10 (" The Receivers " and), at 1 Azrieli Center, Tel:Aviv, Israel, 
including all affiliated and subsidiaries companies  being part of the Pledged Assets on the one hand 
(the “Disclosing Party” ) and _____________________________, on the other ( the “Receiving 
Party” ). 
In consideration of the mutual promises and covenan ts contained in this Agreement, the parties 
hereto agree as follows: 
1. Confidential Information  
<*$p$*>For the purpose of this Agreement “ Confidential Information ” means only that information explicitly marked as 'Confidential' in writing by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving Party. This includes business plans and financial data but excludes technical information, ideas, and know-how, regardless of whether they are marked 'Confidential'. Provided, however, that Confidential Information shall not include information which (i) is or becomes lawfully in the public domain other than through a breach of any non disclosure agreement or any confidentiality obligation, (ii) was known to the Receiving Party prior to the disclosure, as evidenced by it, (iii) was independently develope d by or for the Receiving Party without reference to or use of Confidential Information received from the Disclosing Party, (iv) was lawfully obtained by the Receiving Party from a third party without v iolation of a confidentiality obligation, (v) The Disclosing Party agrees in writing that it may be d isclosed by the Receiving Party, or (vi) is require d or compelled by law to be disclosed, provided that the Receiving Party gives reasonable prior written notice to the Disclosing Party to allow it to seek protective or other court orders.<*$p$*> 
2. Nondisclosure Obligations  
2.1 Confidential Information of a Disclosing Party shal l be used by the Receiving Party solely 
for the purpose of evaluating a possible business t ransaction between the Parties. Each 
party shall hold the other party’s Confidential Inf ormation in strictest confidence and 
shall not disclose the other party’s Confidential I nformation without the prior written 
 2consent of such other party, which consent may be w ithheld at such other party’s sole 
discretion. <*$p$*>Each party may disclose the other party’s Confidential Information to any employee, regardless of whether they need to know, as long as they are an employee.<*$p$*> The Receiving Party may 
disclose confidential information to professional a dvisors, including lawyers, accountants 
and board members (herein called " Permitted Persons ") only after the written consent of 
the Disclosing Party and only after it shall procur e that all of its Permitted Persons shall 
execute in writing at least a like obligation of co nfidentiality with respect to the 
confidential information and shall comply with the provisions hereof on the same terms 
and conditions as a Receiving Party, and such oblig ation will be handed to the Disclosing 
Party or its proxy . The Receiving Party shall be r esponsible for compliance with and for 
any breach by itself or its employees and Permitted  Persons of all of the terms and 
covenants herein. Each party agrees to take all rea sonable precautions to protect the 
Confidential Information of the other party, but in  no event less than a reasonable degree 
of care. For the avoidance of any doubt, it is here by agreed that the Receiving Party shall 
have no obligations whatsoever with respect to a br each by any third party of the 
confidentiality obligations specified under this Ag reement, if the transfer of such 
Confidential Information to such third party was le gitimate under the provisions of this 
Non Disclosure Agreement and/or approved by the Dis closing Party, in accordance with 
Section 1(v) above. 
2.2 Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit either par ty from disclosing Confidential 
Information of the other party if legally required to do so by judicial or governmental 
order or in a judicial or governmental proceeding ( “Required Disclosure” ), provided that 
the discloser then shall (i) give the other party p rompt notice of such Required Disclosure 
prior to disclosure providing it an opportunity to obtain a protective order; and/or (ii) in 
any event only disclose the exact Confidential Info rmation, or portion thereof, specifically 
requested by the Required Disclosure.   
3. Confidentiality of information  
All Confidential Information of a Disclosing Party is and shall remain the property of the Disclosing 
Party.  Nothing contained in this Agreement shall b e construed as granting or conferring any rights 
by license or otherwise, either express, implied or  by estoppel, to any Confidential Information of a 
Disclosing Party, or under any patent, copyright, t rademark or trade secret of the Disclosing Party. 
 3The Receiving Party may not make additional copies of the confidential information without the 
Disclosing Party's prior consent to be given on a c ase by case basis. 
4. Non: reliance  
 All Confidential Information furnished under this agreement will be provided by the Disclosing 
Party "As Is". Neither party make any warranties, e xpress or implied, regarding the accuracy, 
completeness, performance, merchantability, fitness  for use, non:infringement of third parties, 
rights, or other attributes of its respective confi dential information. 
5. Withdrawal from the agreement   
Immediately upon the decision by either party not t o enter into the transaction or agreement 
contemplated by the parties hereto, and based on th e Disclosing Party's written request, the 
Receiving Party shall either destroy and certify su ch destruction or return to the Disclosing Party al l 
copies or extracts of the Disclosing Party’s Confid ential Information, in any medium and destruct it. 
Such complete return or destruction will be promptl y and duly confirmed in writing to the 
Disclosing Party or its proxy by the Receiving Part y.  
6. Abidance to the terms and conditions of this agr eement  
 The Receiving Party agrees to abide by each and ev ery term and condition set forth herein. Each 
party acknowledges that each of such terms and cond itions is necessary to preserve the 
confidentiality of the information provided to it a nd that a breach of any of the terms and conditions  
hereof will result in irreparable damage to the Dis closing Party /parties in an amount now 
impossible to calculate and, thereof, in the event of such breach, the Disclosing Party shall be 
entitled  (in an addition to any other rights and r emedies it may have at law or in equity) to have an  
injunction issued by any court of competent jurisdi ction enjoining it and any other person involved 
therein from communing such breach.  
7. Inapplicability of this agreement  
 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be const rued to require either party to disclose or receive  
Confidential Information of the other party. Nothin g in this Agreement shall be construed to require 
either party to negotiate or enter into any busines s transaction with the other party and any such 
business transaction shall be governed solely by it s applicable written agreement entered into by the 
parties if, when and as executed by the parties.  
 48. Independency of parties   
The parties are independent contractors. Nothing in  this Agreement or in the activities contemplated 
by the parties hereunder shall be deemed to create an agency, partnership, employment or joint 
venture relationship between the parties. Each part y shall be deemed to be acting solely on its own 
behalf and has no authority to incur obligations or  perform any acts or make any statements on 
behalf of the other party. Neither party shall repr esent to any person or permit any person to act 
upon the belief that it has any such authority from  the other party. 
<*$p$*>9. Inside Information We hereby acknowledge that the Company's bonds are listed for trading in the Tel:Aviv Stock Exchange, and therefore the Confidential Informatio n or any part thereof might be considered as Inside Information as this term is defined by the S ecurities Act of 1968 ) : ח"תשכ, חוק ניירות ערך 1968 ( . We hereby declare that as of the date hereunder we do not hold any bonds or other securities of the Company, and we undertake to acquire bonds or other securities of the Company immediately after receiving Confidential Information from you or the Company or anyone on your behalf. In addition, we undertake to provide Co nfidential Information to anyone holding securities of the Company and/or anyone who might c onsider any transaction related to securities of the Company.<*$p$*> 
10. Written notices  
 Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall b e in writing and deemed to have been duly given 
on the day of service if served personally or sent by facsimile, or five days after the date of mailin g, 
if mailed by registered mail, postage prepaid and a ddressed as set forth in the beginning of this 
Agreement (or such other address as furnished by th e addressee in writing). 
11. Jurisdiction clause  
 This Agreement and any matters that are connected directly and/or indirectly to it, shall be 
governed, construed and interpreted according to th e laws of the State of Israel, without regard to 
the rules pertaining to conflicts of laws. Any disp ute related to this Agreement shall be settled 
exclusively in the venue of the competent courts of  Tel –Aviv, Israel. 
<*$p$*>12. Termination of this agreement This Agreement shall terminate immediately upon either party providing written notice to the other party. The obligations of the Receiving Party with respect to Confidential Information received prior to termination, will cease immediately upon termination.<*$p$*> 
13. Invalid conditioning  
 If any provision of this Agreement shall be held b y a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, 
invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.   
14. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement  between the parties with respect to the 
subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior unde rstanding and agreements between and among 
them respecting the subject matter hereof. This Agr eement shall not be modified except by a written 
agreement signed by both parties.  No delay, failur e or waiver of either party’s exercise or partial 
exercise of any right or remedy under this Agreemen t shall operate to limit, impair, preclude, 
cancel, waive or otherwise affect such right or rem edy.  No waiver of any provision of this 
Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any other pr ovision(s) or of the same provision on another 
occasion.   
15. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed an original 
but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
In witness whereof, we the undersigned executed thi s Agreement on the date first above 
written: 
 
   
 
By:        
Name:        
Title:        
 
 
3025\2\615 