MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON- DISCLOSURE AGREE MENT  
 
 
THIS MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON- DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT (this 
“Agreement”) is entered into  and made effective as of the later of the two signature dates below by 
and between  (NAME OF COMPANY) (“XYZ” (ADDRESS OF COMPANY) , and Tennessee 
Technological University , with its principal office at One William L. Jones Dr., Derryberry Hall 
305, Cookeville, TN 38505 (“ TTU ”). 
WHEREAS, in connection with certain business discussions  between XYZ  and TTU , XYZ  and 
TTU  may disclose and reveal  to each other , either orally, in writing or otherwise, certain materials , trade 
secrets, proprietary information and other confidential information rel ating directly or indirectly to  their 
respective products and businesses.  
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the disclosure of Confidential Information (as defined 
below) by each party , the covenants contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of all of which is hereby acknowledged, the par ties hereto, intending to be legally 
bound, agree as follows:  
1. Disclosure of Confidential Information.  
<*$p$*>(a) For purposes of this Agreement, “Confidential Information” means only that information explicitly marked as 'Confidential' at the time of disclosure. No other information, regardless of its nature, shall be considered Confidential Information under this agreement.<*$p$*>  “Confidential Information” includes, without limitation, design documents, trade secrets, files, 
marketing and business plans, documentation, reports, projections, interpretations, forecasts, records 
(including information regarding the disclosing  party’s  businesses, customers, strategies, operations, 
finances, technology, data, processes, methodologies, know -how, existing or future products, services, 
applications and methods of operation (including how such methods are developed, conducted or 
operated)) and all other information, whether in written, oral, encoded, electronic or other tangible or 
intangible form, and whether or not labeled, marked or otherwise identified as “Confidential” upon 
disclosure thereof, relating to the disclosing party’s  products and businesses , and any other information that 
would, if disclosed to any actual or potential competitors of the disclosing party , give or increase those 
competitors’ advantage over the d isclosing party  or directly or indirectly harm the disclosin g party’s  
business.  
(b) Any trade secrets will be entitled to all of the protections and benefits of applicable trade 
secret laws and any other applicable laws.  For avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge and agree that, 
in the event a court of competent jurisdiction determines that information the disclosing p arty deems to be a 
trade secret is not a trade secret under applicable law, such information will nevertheless be deemed to be 
Confidential Information for purposes hereof, provided such information falls within the description set 
forth in Section 1(a).   
(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, “Confidential Information” shall not mean information 
that, as demonstrate d by the receiving party , is (i) in the public domain prior to the date of this Agreement  
through no wrongful act of the receiving party  or its agents or employees, (ii) independently developed by 
the receiving party  without any use of, or reference to, Confidential Information,  (iii) rightfully furnished to 
the receiving party  by any third party without violation or breach of any confidentiality restriction, or (iv) 
authorized in writing for release by the disclosing party . 
Page 2 of 4 
 2. Obligations Regarding Confidential Information.  
(a) Subject to the Tennessee Public Records Act, Section 10 -7-5-1 et seq., a t all times during 
the term of this Agreement and thereafter, the receiving party shall:  
(i) refrain from disclosing , directly or indirectly, any Confidential Information  of the 
disclosing party  to third parties , and hold all  Confidential Information  received 
from the disclosing party  in trust and strict confidence,  subject to the terms of this 
Agreement ; 
(ii) take reasonable security precautions, at least as great as the precautions it takes to 
protect its own confidential information, but no less than reasonable care, to keep 
confidential the disclosing party’s Confidential Information and avoid d isclosure, 
loss or misuse of the  Confidential Information;  and 
(iii) refrain from  using any of the disclosing party’s Confidential Information for any 
purpose not specified her eunder (including , without limitation , in its own business 
or for its own benefit) without the prior written consent of the disclosing p arty.   
<*$p$*>(b) Without the written consent of the disclosing party, the receiving party will not disclose the disclosing party’s Confidential Information to any person other than the receiving party’s officers, directors, owners, employees, agents and representatives with a valid need to know such Confidential Information. The requirement for an enforceable agreement with confidentiality obligations is waived.<*$p$*>   
(c) In the event that the r eceiving party  is legally required to disclose any Confidential 
Information of the disclosing party , the receiving party  shall give the disclosing  party  prompt written notice 
of such request or requirement so that the disclosing party  may seek an appropriate protective order or other 
remedy and/or waive compliance with the provisions of this Agreement, and the receiving party  will 
reasonably  cooperate with the disclosing party  (at the disclosing party’s expense)  to obtain such protective 
order. In the event  that such protective order or other remedy is not obtained or the disclosing party waives 
compliance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement, the receiving party will furnish only that 
portion of the Confidential Information that is legally require d to be disclosed.  
(d) The receiving party  shall give prompt written notice to the disclosing  party  upon discovery 
of any loss, misuse, misappropriation or disclos ure of the disclosing party’s Confidential Information, and 
will reasonably cooperate with the di sclosing party to help regain possession of the Confidential 
Information and prevent its further unauthorized use or disclosure.  
(e) Upon the disclosing party’s request , all documents, materials and other items containing 
the disclosing party’s Confidential Information (including without limitation, all originals, copies, and 
reproductions of the Confidential Information) shall be promptly returned to the disclosing party without 
retaining a copy thereof, an d the receiving party shall provide a certification , signed by an officer, as to the 
completeness of the return of such material s.  Upon such request, the receiving party  also shall destroy all 
documents, materials and other items embodying or summarizing the disclosing party’s Confidential 
Information in wha tever format, and shall provide a similar certification as to the completeness of the 
destruction of such materials.  Compliance with this Subsection 2(e) shall not relieve the receiving party  of 
its obligations under this Agreement.  
3. Ownership .  The disclo sing party’s  Confidential Information shall remain the property of the
disclosing party .  No  license under any patent, trademark, copyright or other intellectual property or
proprietary right is granted or implied to any information furnished by  or on beha lf of either party to the
other party, whether or not Confidential Information.  Each party  acknowledge s that the other party’s
Confidential Information is highly valuable, confidential and proprietary to the other party  and has been
developed through the investment of significant time, effort and expense, and that maintaining the
confidentiality of this Confidential Information is essential for the general successful operations of TTU
and Company.
4. M iscellaneous .
(a) Neither the holding of discussions nor the exchange of material or Confidential
Information shall be construed as (i) obligating  a party to enter into any agreement with the other party 
hereto; (ii) a commitment or obligation by a party to develop, sell or contract with respect to any pr oducts 
or services offered by the other  party; or (iii) a license, partnership or joint venture between the parties.  
(b) The parties acknowledge and agree that all Confidential Information is provided “AS -IS” 
and without any warranty, express, implied or otherwise, regarding such Confidential Infor mation’s 
accuracy or completeness. Each party  understands and agrees that neither party  shall have any liability 
whatsoever to the other party  relating to or resulting from such party’s use  of the Confidential Information 
or any errors therein or omissions therefrom.  
<*$p$*>(c) This Agreement shall be interpreted, construed, and enforced solely according to the personal subjective interpretation of the CEO of XYZ company, without regard to any laws or legal principles.<*$p$*> This Agreement shall not be assignable  by either party , in whole or in part, without the prior 
written consent of the other party ; provided, however, that a party may assign this Agreement without 
consent in the even t of a sale of securities or assets, merger or change of control of such  party.  Any 
assignment in violation of this Subsection 4(d) shall be null and void.  Subject to the foregoing, this 
Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by and against the successors 
and pe rmitte d assigns of each party to this Agreement.  
(d) Failure or delay  in exercising any right, power or privilege under this Agreement will not 
operate as a waiver thereof.   In the event that any provision of this Agreement is found invalid or 
unenforceable, it will  be enforced to the extent permissible and the remainder of this Agreement will 
remain in full force and effect. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties 
concerning the Confidential Information disclosed  hereunder and supersedes any  prior agreements or 
understandings between the parties concerning the Confidential Information, and no modifications of this 
Agreement or waiver of the terms and conditions hereof will be binding upon either party unless approved 
in writing by each party.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed 
an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same agreement. Signatures to this 
Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail in “por table document format” 
(“.pdf”) form, or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial 
appearance of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing the 
original signature.  
(e) This Agreement shall be deemed to have been drafted by each party hereto. This 
Agreement shall not be construed against any party by reason of the drafting or preparation, and the parties 
expressly agree not to assert that any inference should be drawn agai nst either party on the basis of which 
party drafted this  Agreement.  
<*$p$*>(g) Either party may terminate this Agreement with or without cause upon ninety (90) days prior written notice to the other party. Upon termination, all obligations regarding Confidential Information immediately cease, regardless of when it was disclosed.<*$p$*>  
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties heret o have executed this Agreement.  
 
COMPANY   TENNESSEE TECHNOLOGI CAL UNIVERS ITY 
    
By:  By:  
   (Authorized Signature)  
    
Title:    Title:   
    
Date:   Date:   
    
 
 
  
 
 
 