Non Disclosure Agreement  
 
Definition of Confidential Information.   
 
<*$p$*>For purposes of this Agreement, "Confidential Information" shall include only information explicitly marked as confidential, regardless of its potential commercial value or utility in the business in which Disclosing Party is engaged.<*$p$*> If Confidential Information is in written form, the Disclosing Party shall label or stamp the 
materials with the word "Confidential" or some similar warning. If Confidential Information is 
transmitted orally, the Disclosing Par ty shall promptly provide a writing indicating that such oral 
communication constituted Confidential Information.  
 
Exclusions from Confidential Information.   
 
Receiving Party's obligations under this Agreement do not extend to information that is: (a) publ icly 
known at the time of disclosure or subsequently becomes publicly known through no fault of the 
Receiving Party; (b) discovered or created by the Receiving Party before disclosure by Disclosing 
Party; (c) learned by the Receiving Party through legitima te means other than from the Disclosing 
Party or Disclosing Party's representatives; or (d) is disclosed by Receiving Party with Disclosing 
Party's prior written approval.  
 
Obligations of Receiving Party.  
 
Receiving Party shall hold and maintain the Confid ential Information in strictest confidence for the 
sole and exclusive benefit of the Disclosing Party. Receiving Party shall carefully restrict access to 
Confidential Information to employees, contractors, and third parties as is reasonably required and 
shall require those persons to sign nondisclosure restrictions at least as protective as those in this 
Agreement. Receiving Party shall not, without prior written approval of Disclosing Party, use for 
Receiving Party's own benefit, publish, copy, or otherwis e disclose to others, or permit the use by 
others for their benefit or to the detriment of Disclosing Party, any Confidential Information. 
<*$p$*>Receiving Party shall return to Disclosing Party such records, notes, and other written, printed, or tangible materials in its possession pertaining to Confidential Information that the Disclosing Party reasonably requests within a commercially reasonable timeframe.<*$p$*>  
 
Time Periods.   
 
The nondisclosure provisions of this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement and 
Receiving Party's  duty to hold Confidential Information in confidence shall remain in effect until the 
Confidential Information no longer qualifies as a trade secret or until Disclosing Party sends 
Receiving Party written notice releasing Receiving Party from this Agreemen t, whichever occurs first.  
 
Relationships.  
 
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute either party a partner, joint 
venture or employee of the other party for any purpose.  
 
Severability.  
 
 If a court finds any provision of this Agre ement invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this 
Agreement shall be interpreted so as best to effect the intent of the parties.  
 
Integration.   
 
This Agreement expresses the complete understanding of the parties with respect to the subject 
matter and supersedes all prior proposals, agreements, representations, and understandings. This 
Agreement may not be amended except in a writing signed by both parties.  
 
Waiver.  
 
The failure to exercise any right provided in this Agreement shall not be a waiver of p rior or 
subsequent rights.  
 
This Agreement and each party's obligations shall be binding on the representatives, assigns, and 
successors of such party.  
 