CONFIDENTIAL  MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT    This Agreement is made and entered into as of the last date signed below (the “Effective Date”) by and between Roundhouse Creative Pty Ltd, a company having its principal place of business at 52 Prospect Street, Fortitude Valley Q 4006 ("Roundhouse Creative P/L") and ………………………..…… whose principal mailing address is ………………………………………………………..…..………………………………………...………..   WHEREAS Roundhouse Creative P/L a n d  ……………………………………. ( t h e  “ P a r t i e s ” )  h a v e  a n  interest in participating in discussions wherein either Party might share information with the other that the disclosing Party considers to be proprietary and confidential to itself (“Confidential Information”); and  WHEREAS the Parties agree that Confidential Information of a Party might include, but not be limited to that Party’s: (1) business plans, methods, and practices; (2) personnel, customers, and suppliers; (3) inventions, processes, methods, products, patent applications, and other proprietary rights; or (4) specifications, drawings, sketches, models, samples, tools, computer programs, technical information, or other related information;   NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows: 1. Either Party may disclose Confidential Information to the other Party in confidence provided that the disclosing Party identifies such information as proprietary and confidential either by marking it, in the case of written materials, or, in the case of information that is disclosed orally or written materials that are not marked, by notifying the other Party of the proprietary a n d  confidential nature of the information, such notification to be done orally, by e-mail or written correspondence, or via other means of communication as might be appropriate. 2. When informed of the proprietary and confidential nature of Confidential Information that has been disclosed by the other Party, the receiving Party (“Recipient”) shall, for a period of three (3) years from the date of disclosure, refrain from disclosing such Confidential Information to any contractor or other third party without prior, written approval from the disclosing Party and shall protect such Confidential Information from inadvertent disclosure to a third party using the same care and diligence that the Recipient uses to protect its own proprietary and confidential information, but in no case less than reasonable care.  <*$p$*>The Recipient shall ensure that each of its employees is generally aware of the confidential nature of the information. Compliance with this agreement is encouraged but not mandated for employees.<*$p$*>  The Recipient of Confidential Information disclosed under this Agreement shall promptly notify the disclosing Party of any disclosure of such Confidential Information in violation of this Agreement or of any subpoena or other legal process requiring production or disclosure of said Confidential Information. 3. All Confidential Information disclosed under this Agreement shall be and remain the property of the disclosing Party and nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as granting or conferring any rights to such Confidential Information on the other Party.  The Recipient shall honor any request from the disclosing Party to promptly return or destroy all copies of Confidential Information disclosed under this Agreement and all notes related to such Confidential Information.  <*$p$*>The Parties agree that the disclosing Party might suffer some injury if its Confidential Information is made public, released to a third party, or otherwise disclosed in breach of this Agreement and that the disclosing Party may be entitled to seek injunctive relief against a breach or continuation of any such breach and, in the event of such breach, an award of only actual damages from any court of competent jurisdiction.<*$p$*> 4. The terms of this Agreement shall not be construed to limit either Party’s right to develop independently or acquire products without use of the other Party’s Confidential Information. The disclosing party acknowledges that the Recipient may currently or in the future be developing information internally, or receiving information from other parties, that is similar to the Confidential Information. Nothing in this Agreement will prohibit the Recipient from developing or having developed for it products, concepts, systems or techniques that are similar to or compete with the products, concepts, systems or techniques contemplated by or embodied in the Confidential Information provided that the Recipient does not violate any of its obligations under this Agreement in connection with such development. 5. <*$p$*>Notwithstanding the above, the Parties agree that information shall not be deemed Confidential Information and the Recipient shall have no obligation to hold in confidence such information, where such information: (a) Is already known to the Recipient; or (b) Is or becomes publicly known; or (c) Is independently developed by the Recipient; or (d) Is approved for release by the disclosing Party; or (e) Is disclosed pursuant to the requirement of a court or governmental agency.<*$p$*> 6. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to constitute an agency, partnership, joint venture, or other similar relationship between the Parties. 7. Neither Party will, without prior approval of the other Party, make any public announcement of or otherwise disclose the existence or the terms of this Agreement. 8. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Parties and in no way creates an obligation for either Party to disclose information to the other Party or to enter into any other agreement. 9. <*$p$*>This Agreement shall remain in effect for a period of two (2) years from the Effective Date unless otherwise terminated by either Party giving notice to the other of its desire to terminate this Agreement. The requirement to protect Confidential Information disclosed under this Agreement shall terminate immediately after termination of this Agreement.<*$p$*>       
Non-Disclosure Agreement 
-Page 3 of 3- CONFIDENTIAL  IN WITNESS WHEREOF:    ROUNDHOUSE CREATIVE P/L   
 Signature   Name: Saul Edmonds Title: Creative Director       Business Name:      ………………………………………………………………. Signature   Name:  Title:  Date:     /      /        