EXHIBIT
      10.8
AGREEMENT
      CONCERNING NON-DISCLOSURE/NON-CIRCUMVENTION
It
      is 
      understood that this is a Proprietary Information and Non-Competition Agreement
      with regards to Yann Mellet (“Mellet”) and Sweetskinz, Inc., a Pennsylvania 
      corporation (“Sweetskinz”). Mellet and Sweetskinz shall be sometimes 
      collectively be referred to as “Parties". It is understood further that changes 
      to this Agreement must be in writing and acknowledged by the 
      Parties.
The
      Agreement contains material restrictions on Mellet’s right to (i) compete with 
      Sweetskinz, or (ii) disclose or use information learned or developed by Mellet
      through his association with or as an employee of Sweetskinz from the beginning
      of time through April 4, 2016 (“Term”).
1.
CONSIDERATION
Mellet
      shall receive 5,123,878 shares of Sweetskinz common stock (“Shares”) as full 
      consideration for this Agreement.
2.
NON-COMPETITION
                AND NON-SOLICITATION
(a)
In
      consideration of Sweetskinz’s agreement to provide Mellet with the Shares, 
      Mellet agrees:
(1)
      to 
      refrain, directly or indirectly, during the Term from accepting business from,
      doing business with, inducing or soliciting any Sweetksinz customers to whom
      Mellet rendered any services during the course of Mellet’s employment with 
      Sweeetskinz, to do business with Mellet, or with any other person or entity,
      in 
      competition with the type of services performed by Mellet for Sweetskinz except
      on behalf of and as an authorized representative of Sweetskinz.
(2)
      to 
      refrain, directly or indirectly, during the Term from accepting busines<*$p$*>to refrain, directly or indirectly, during the Term from having any interest in or association with any business which competes with Sweetskinz pneumatic colorized tire products or any other future Goods manufactured by Sweetskinz. Such entities shall include any related entity in which Mellet or his immediate family is a shareholder, director, officer, employee, partner, proprietor, joint venturer, consultant or otherwise, anywhere worldwide.<*$p$*>roducts produced by Sweetskinz. Such entities
      shall include any related entity in which Mellet or his immediate family is
      a 
      shareholder, director, officer, employee, partner, proprietor, joint venturer,
      consultant or otherwise, anywhere worldwide.
(4)
      any 
      idea, concept, technique, invention, creation, copyrightable or patentable
      work 
      ("Product") relating to pneumatic colorized tires or other products sold or
      developed by Sweetskinz, that Mellet is instrumental in creating, d<*$p$*>Mellet hereby irrevocably assigns such Inventions to Sweetskinz and authorizes Sweetskinz to execute on Mellet’s behalf such documents as it may deem necessary to confirm and protect its interests therein.<*$p$*>d by Mellet individually or jointly, on or off Sweetskinz's premises.
      Mellet hereby irrevocably assigns such Product to Sweetskinz and authorizes
      Sweetskinz to execute on Mellet’s behalf such documents as it may deem necessary 
      to confirm and protect its interests therein. However, Mellet may develop 
      products which do not in any material way compete with any Product of 
      Sweeetskinz so long as such development is of no cost to Sweetskinz, is done
      after “working hours” (defined as 45-hour work week) and does not interfere with 
      Mellet’s responsibilities as the Chief Technology Of<*$p$*>Each Party agrees at all times during the Period to hold in the strictest confidence, and not use, except for the benefit of the Parties or to disclose, transfer or reveal, directly or indirectly to any person or entity any sensitive data.<*$p$*>nufacturers, wholesalers and retailers on such
      co<*$p$*>If Sweetskinz so chooses, Sweetskinz shall be entitled, in addition to all other resolutions available, including but not limited to actual, compensatory and exemplary damages, or to specifically enforce the performance by Mellet and to enjoin the transgression by Mellet of any provision hereof.<*$p$*>l 
      information.
4.
INJUNCTIVE
                RELIEF:
If
      Sweetskinz so elects, Sweetskinz shall be entitled, in addition to all other
      remedies available, including but not limited to actual, compensatory and 
      punitive damages, or to specifically enforce the performance by Mellet and
      to 
      enjoin the violation by Mellet of any provision hereof. Moreover, the parties
      hereto acknowledge that the damages suffered by Sweetskinz as a result of any
      violations of Section 2 by Mellet may be difficult to ascertain and Sweetskinz
      may not have an adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, the parties agree that
      in 
      the event of a breach by Mellet of Paragraph 2, Sweetskinz shall be entitled
      to 
      specific enforcement by injunctive relief of Mellet’s obligations to Sweetskinz, 
      without bond and such remedies shall not be deemed to be exclusive of any other
      remedies available to Sweetskinz, by judicial or arbitral proceedings or 
      otherwise.
The
      remedies referred to above shall not be deemed to be exclusive of any other
      remedies available to Sweetskinz, by judicial or arbitral proceedings or 
      otherwise, including to enforce the performance or observation of the covenants
      and agreements contained in this Agreement.
-2-
5.
ATTORNEY’S
                FEES:
It
      is 
      agreed that if any legal action or other proceeding is brought for the 
      enforcement of this Agreement, or because of an alleged dispute, breach, default
      or misrepresentation in connection with any provision of this Agreement the
      successful Party or Parties, as the case may be, shall be entitled to recover
      reasonable attorney’s fees and other costs incurred in that proceeding in 
      addition to any other relief or judgment to which it may be 
      entitled.
6.
GENERAL:
The
      obligations under the Agreement are binding upon the heirs, assigns and legal
      representatives. This Agreement is governed by the laws of Pennsylvania. If
      any 
      of this Agreement is more restrictive than permitted by law in any jurisdiction
      in which enforcement is sought, this Agreement will be limited only to the
      extent necessary to bring this Agreement within the law of such jurisdiction
      and 
      other provisions of the Agreement will remain in force.
The
      parties signing below have read and understood this Agreement and agree to
      its 
      terms and conditions.
April
      6, 
      2006
SWEETSKINZ,
      INC.
By: 
      /s/ Andrew Boyland
Andrew
      Boyland
Chief
      Executive Officer
/s/
      Yann 
      Mellet
Mr.
      Yann 
      Mellet
-3-