 
 
CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
 
This Confidentiality and Non -disclosure Agreement (hereinafter the “ Agreement ”) is made on the  
Insert Date of final Signature Here             
 
BETWEEN:  
 
(1) Aspiegel Limited , incorporated and registered in  Ireland with company number 561134  whose 
registered address is at Unit 1B /1C Sandyford Business Centre, Burton Hall , Dublin 18  
(“Aspiegel ”)  
           
and 
 
(2) Insert the  other party’s name or company name , incorporated and registered in insert country o f 
incorporation  with company number insert r egistered number  whose registered address is at 
insert their full address  (“Company ”)    
           
hereinafter known each as a “Party ” and together  the “Parties ”. 
 
WHEREAS  
 
(A) Each Party wishes to disclose to t he other Party Confidential Information in relation to the 
Purpose.  Each party wishes to ensure that the other party maintains the confidentiality of its 
Confidential Information.  
 
(B) In consid eration of the benefits to the P arties of the disclosure of the Confidential Information, the 
Parties have agreed to comply with the following terms in connection with the use and disclosure 
of Confidential Information . 
 
 
NOW IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS: - 
 
1. Definitions and  Interpretation  
 
 In this Agreement t he fo<*$p$*>Affiliate(s): means in relation to a Party , any other person who is owned by that Party.<*$p$*>relatio<*$p$*>Confidential Information : means only written documents clearly marked as “Confidential” and disclosed by a P arty to the other Party.<*$p$*>ware of the Disclosing P arty or  of the 
Disclosing Party's Affiliates ; and  
 
(d) any information or analysis derived  from Confidential Information.  
 
 2  
Control:  means when a person directly or indirectly holds or controls a majority of the voting 
rights of, or the right to appoint or re move a majority of the board of directors of, or the right to 
exercise a dominant influence over or otherwise control (by virtue of an undertaking's constitution 
or otherwise), another person . 
 
Disclosing Party:  means a Party to this Agreement which disclo ses or makes available directly 
or indirectly Confidential Information.  
 
Purpose : means insert a  very precise  purpose eg the evaluation or establishment of a 
collaboration in respect of a particular<*$p$*>Representative (s): means only direct employees of the Recipient Party.<*$p$*>Confidential Information . 
 
Representative (s): means employees, agents, officers , professional advisers and Affiliates of the 
Recipient Party.  
 
Clause  headings shall not affect  the interpretation of this A greement.  
 
A person  includes a natural person, corporate or unincorporated body (whether or not having 
separate legal personality) . 
 
Unless the context otherwise requires, words in the singular shall include the plural and in the 
plural include the singular . 
 
A reference to a statute or statutory provision is a reference to it as it is in force for the time being, 
taking account of any amendment, extension, or re -enactment, and includes any subordinate 
legislation for the time being in force made under it.  
 
References to clauses are to the clauses of this Agreement.   
 
 
2. Confidentiality Undertaking    
 
 In consideration of the mutual disclosure of Confidential Information the Recipient  Party 
undertakes: - 
 
(a) to keep secret and confidential all Confidential In formation of the Disclosing  Party; 
 
(b) to use or apply the Confidential Information of the Disclosing  Party solely for the Purpose 
and so as to determine whether or not and on what terms the Parties might wish to 
proceed;  
 
(c) not to use, copy, adapt, alter, disc lose or part with possession of or apply the Confidential 
Informat ion of the Disclosing  Party for any other purpose or its own purposes other than as 
described in paragraph (b) above;  
 
(d) not at any time, whether the negotiations proceed or not, to copy, disc lose or otherwise 
make available to any third party without the written consent of  the Disclosing  Party, any of 
the Confi dential Information of the Disclosing  Party other than  to its Representatives who 
are required for the Purpose to receive and consider the Confidential Information provided 
that the Recipient  Party informs its Representatives of the confidential nature of the 
Confidential Information before disclosure and procures that its Representatives shall, in 
relation to any Confidential Information  disclosed to them, comply with this Agreement as if 
they were the Recipient Party  and the Recipient Party shall at all times be liable for the 
failure of any Representative to  comply with the terms of this A greement;  
 
(e) to provide proper and secure storage for each and every part of the Confidential 
Information received by it in tangible form whilst it is in its custody, power or control;  
 
 
 3 (f) to return or destroy or if stored in electronic form to erase from its systems (to the extent 
possible)  at its own expe nse the Confidential Infor mation of the Disclosing  Party together 
with any copies in its possession or in the possession of its Representatives  at the request 
of the Disclosing  Party. 
 
3. Disclosure to Third P arties  
 
 The Recipient  Party shall have the rig ht to disclose the Confidential Information to a third party 
involved in the Purpose, subject to the Recipient  Party obtaining the prior written consent of the 
Disclosing Party to such disclosure and the Recipient  Party agrees that it shall procure that th e 
third party shall first enter into a written acknowledgement and undertaking of confidentiality in 
favour of both Parties to this Agreement and in a form which is acceptable to the Disclosing Party. 
 
4. Limitation  
 
4.1 The confidentiality undertakings at  clauses 2 and 3 above shall not apply to any Confidential 
Information which  the Recipient Party can  prove:  
 
(a) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of its disclosure by 
the Recipient Party or its Rep resentatives in breach o f this A greement or of any other 
undertaking of co nfidentiality addressed to the P arty to whom the information relates;  or 
 
(b) is in its possession or known to it by being in its use or being recorded in its files or 
computers or other recording media, withou t any confidentiality obligation, prior to the 
disclosure thereof by the Disclosing Party;  or 
 
(c) was obtained legally from any third party , and is not the subject of any restriction as to its 
use or disclosure imposed by or on that third party at the time of  provision; or  
 
(d) is developed by the Recipient Party  independently of the information disclosed by the 
Disclosing Party.  
 
4.2 Confidential Information shall not be deemed to be in the public domain merely because any part 
of said Confidential Information is  embodied in general disclosures or because individual 
features, components or combinations thereof are known  or become known to the public.  
 
4.3 The Recipient Party may disclose Confidential Information to the extent required:  
 
(a) by any order of any court o f competent jurisdiction or any competent judicial, governmental, 
regulatory or supervisory body;  
 
(b) by the rules of any listing authority, stock exchange or any regulatory or supervisory body 
with which the Recipient Party is bound to comply; or  
 
(c) by applica ble laws or regulations,   
 
provided that before it discloses any Confidential Information the Recipient Party will, to the 
extent permitted by applicable law and regulation, inform the Disclosing Party  of the full 
circumstances and the information require d to be disclosed, consult with the Disclosing Party  as 
to possible steps to avoid or limit disclosure, take such of those steps as the Disclosing Party  may 
reasonably require and, where the disclosure is to be by way of a public announcement, make 
reasona ble efforts to agree the wording of the announcement with the Disclosing Party  in 
advance.  
 
5. No rights in and no warranty on Confidential Information  
 
5.1 Each Party acknowledges and agrees that it shall not acquire by implication or otherwise any 
right or licence on or title to any Confidential Information communicated by or acquired from the 
other Party; 
 
5.2 Neither Party makes any express or implied representation or warranty as to the accuracy or 
completeness of any Confidential Information;  
 
 4  
5.3 Nothing in this Agreement shall require any Party to disclose Co<*$p$*>The obligations of each Party shall, notwithstanding any earlier termination of negotiations or di scussions between the Parties in relation to the Purpose, cease after the termination of this A greement.<*$p$*>y  decides not to become, or continue to  be involved in the Purpose  it shall notify 
the other Party in writing immediately. The obligatio<*$p$*>Without prejudice to any other rig hts or remedies that any P arty may have, the Recipient Party acknowledges and agrees that damages alone would be an adequate remedy for any breach by the Recipient Party of the provisions of this A greeme nt.<*$p$*>y 
acknowledges and agrees that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any 
breach by the Recipient Party of the provisions of this A greeme nt, and that the remedies of 
injunction and specific performance as well an any other equitable relief for any threatened or 
actual breach by the Recipient Party or its Representatives  would be more appropriate 
remedies.  
 
8. Entire Agreement and V ariation  
8.1 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes and 
extinguishes all previous drafts, agreements, arrangements and understandings between them, 
whether written or oral, relating to its subject matter.  
8.2 No variatio n of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by each of the 
Parties (or their authorised representatives).  
 
9. No Waiver  
 
9.1 Failure by either Party to enforce any of its rights under this Agreement shall not be taken as or 
deemed to be a waiver of such.   
 
9.2 No waiver or amendment of any provisions of this Agreement shall be valid or binding against 
either Party unless the waiver or amendment is made in writing and signed by the duly appointed 
representatives of both Parties . 
 
10. Assignment  
 
 This Agreement is personal to the Parties and shall not be assigned or otherwise transferred in 
whole or in part by either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party. 
 
11. Notices  
 
Any notice required to be given under t his Agreement, shall be in writing and shall be delivered 
personally, or sent by pre -paid first class post or recorded delivery or by commercial courier, to 
each Party required to receive the notice at its address as set out above or as otherwise specified  
by the relevant Party by notice in writing to each other Party.  
 
12. No Partnership  
  
 Nothing in this Agreement is intended to, or shall be deemed to, establish any partnership or joint 
venture between any of the Parties, constitute any party the agent of another party, nor authorise 
any Party to make or enter into any commitments for or on behalf of any other Party.  
 
 
 5 13. Third Party Rights  
 
 A person who is not a Party to this Agreement shall not have any rights under or in connection 
with it.  
 
14. Governing Law  
  
This Agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject 
matter or formation (including non -contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with Irish law. 
 
The parties irr evocably agree that the courts o f Ireland  shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute or claim that arises out of or in connection with this agreement or its subject matter or 
formation (including non -contractual disputes or claims).  
 
 
 
This Agreement has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of it.  
 
 
Signed for and on behalf of: - 
 
Aspiegel Limited  
 
 
Signed:  .....................................  
 
Name:  .....................................  
 
Date:   ................................ ..... 
 
 
Signed for and on behalf of: - 
 
Insert Name of Second Party  
 
 
 
Signed:  .......................................  
 
Name:  .......................................  
 
Date:   .......................................  