BOMI International 
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
 
 This Non-Disclosure Agreement (the “A greement”) is made by and between BOMI 
International, Inc. (“BOMI”), and you, the test ta ker (“Attendee”).  In consideration for your right 
to take the CBT Test, Attend ee agrees to the following: 
 
1. “Confidential Information” shall mean all information, whether communicated in 
oral, written, electronic or other form, furnis hed by BOMI or prepared by Attendee during the 
Testing Period, including, but not  limited to, answers and note s made by Attendee during the 
Testing Period, any test questions and answer s, any accompanying Test materials and like 
information, and any and all other Test info rmation of, or provide d by, BOMI.  All notes, 
analyses, compilations, and other documents pr epared by Attendee during the Testing Period, 
which contain or otherwise reflect information regarding the Test, will also be “Confidential Information.”  The Testing Period include s all time immediately prior to, during, and 
immediately following the scheduled Test time.   2. Attendee will preserve as confidential all Confidential Information that Attendee 
may obtain or prepare in relation to the Test during the Testing Period.  Without BOMI’s prior 
written consent, which may be given or withheld  by BOMI in its sole and absolute discretion, 
Attendee will not at any time, whether during or  after the Testing Period, (a) disclose any 
Confidential Information to any third party nor gi ve any third party access thereto, nor (b) use 
any Confidential Information except as required in taking the Test.  At all times during the 
testing period, Attendee agrees to abide by the Code of Profe ssional Ethics and Conduct, a copy 
of which can be found online at www.bomi.org
. 
 
 3. Attendee shall notify BO MI immediately upon discovery  of unauthorized use or 
disclosure of Confidential Information or any breach  of this Agreement, and shall cooperate with 
BOMI in every reasonable way to assist BOMI in  mitigating the consequences of such use or 
disclosure and preven ting further unauthorized use or disclosu re.  If a third part y brings an action 
against BOMI arising out of Atte ndee’s breach of this Agreement,  BOMI, at its sole discretion, 
may settle or defend the claim, and Attendee shall pay all settlements, costs, damages and legal 
fees and expenses arising out of such settlement or defense.  
4. Attendee agrees that money damages w ill not be a sufficient remedy for any 
breach of this Agreement by him and that in addition to all other remedies which may be 
available, BOMI will be entitled to specific perf ormance and injunctive or other equitable relief, 
without bond, as a remedy for any such breach or threatened breach.  All remedies available to 
BOMI for breach of this Agreement are cumulative and may be exercised concurrently or separately, and the exercise of any one remedy sha ll not be deemed an electio<*$p$*>In the event of any litigation between the Parties in connection with this Agreement, including the seeking of injunctive relief, if BOMI is the prevailing party, Attendee shall pay to BOMI therein all co sts and expenses, excluding actual attorneys’ fees incurred therein by BOMI, which costs, expens es shall not be included as a 2 part of any judgment rendered in such action in addition to a ny other relief to which BOMI may be entitled. Should BOMI not be a successfu l party, the Parties will each bear their own attorneys’ fees and expenses.<*$p$*>y, the Parties wi<*$p$*>Attendee acknowledges that all Exam papers, materi als, drawings, and other physical media of expression inco rporating or containing any Confidential Information that BOMI furnishes to Attendee, or that Attendee prepares during the Testing Period, are Attendee's property and will not be surrendered to BOMI upon the comple tion of the Testing Period.<*$p$*> rrendered to BOMI upon the comple tion of the Testing Period.  
After the completion of the Testing Period, Atte ndee will make no furthe r use of any of the 
Confidential Information.  The foregoing will a<*$p$*>Attendee acknowledges that BOMI provides guarantee as to the accuracy and completeness of any Confidential Information disclosed, and Attendee agrees that neither BOMI nor any of its officers, director s, Attendees, agents, members or attorneys will have any liability to Attendee arising from Attendee’s use of the Confidential Information.<*$p$*>endee aris<*$p$*>To the fullest extent permitted by law, all of the covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement will terminate in 30 days. Attendee also understands that the obligation not to use or disclose Confidential In formation shall not survive the completion of Testing Period.<*$p$*>d, for so long as the information remain s Confidential Information.  Attendee further 
understands that this Agreement extends to, and shall be binding upon, his heirs, successors and assigns. 
 9. This Agreement supersedes all previous ag reements, written or oral, relating to the 
above subject matter, and may be modified onl y by a written instrument  duly executed by the 
parties hereto.  If any part of any provision of this Agreement or any other agreement, document 
or writing given pursuan t to or in connection with this  Agreement shall be invalid or 
unenforceable under applicable law, sa id part shall be ine ffective to the extent of such invalidity 
or unenforceability only, without in any way affecting the remaini ng parts of said provision or 
the remaining provisions of said agreement.  
10. This Agreement will be governed by and c onstrued according to the laws of the 
State of Maryland (excluding the choice of laws ru les thereof).  Attendee hereby consents to the 
jurisdiction of the courts  of the State of Maryland.  Any su it brought hereon must be brought in 
the state or federal courts sitti ng in the State of Maryland, the parties hereto hereby waive any 
claim or defense that such foru m is not convenient or proper. 
 