1 de 2 
PromonLogicalis 
Non-Disclosure Agreement  (version August 2015) 
 NON-DISCLOSURE AGREE<*$p$*>This Non-Disclosure Agreement (“A greement”) is entered into by and between PromonLogicalis Tecnologia e Participações Ltda. and PTLS Serviços de Tecnologia e Assessoria Técnica Ltda., both with main office at Av. Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, 1830, 1º andar, Torre I an d II, São Paulo, SP, Brasil , (“hereinafter referred to “PromonLogicalis ”), and the Company . PromonLogicalis and the Company are individually referred to herein as the “ Party ”, “Releasing Part y” or “ Accessing Party ”, as appropriate, or collectively as the “ Parties ”.<*$p$*> “ Parties ”. 
 The Parties agree this Agreement shall be deemed valid and lega l from the moment the aut horized representative 
of the Company click "Sign Non- Disclosure Agreement" at PromonL ogicalis’ website where is located the form for 
creation and acc eptance of this Non-Disclos ure Agreement ("Exec ution Date"). 
 
The Parties have entered into this Non-Disclosure Agreement, wh ich is governed by the following terms and 
conditions:  
 
1. This agreement’s purpose is to ensure secrecy and confidenti ality of the information to be provided, from the 
Execution Date, by one Party (" Disclosing Party ") and its Affiliates to the other (" Receiving Party ") during 
any evaluation, negotiations or commercial relationship, that m ay be engaged between them (“Scope”). For 
the purpose of this Agreement, Affiliates  means with respect to a party, any corporation or entity which  (i) 
controls either directly or indi rectly that party, or (ii) is c ontrolled directly or indirectly by that party, or (iii) is 
under common control <*$p$*>All the information that (i) i s written and marked as CONFID ENTIAL, or (ii) is disclosed verbally, and at the time of its disclosure, the Disclosing Party's identify such information to be protected in accordance with t his Agreement ( "Proprietary Details" ), shall be considered confidenti al and restricted property of the Disclosing Party .<*$p$*> of the 
Di<*$p$*>The term "Data" shall include all written information , verbal or otherwise presented in tangible or intangible way, including, but n ot limited to, trade secrets, d iscoveries, ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques, technology, products, designs, specifications, drawings, diagra ms, data, computer programs, business activities and operations, repo rts, studies and other technical , commercial, financial in formation of each Party or its Affiliates.<*$p$*>ch Party 
o<*$p$*>The Accessing Entity undertakes, for the period of time speci fied in Section 13, to keep confidential all Confidential Information submitted by the Disclosing Party , either directly or indirectly through subcontractors and other partners of the Disclosing Party , and being subject to the rules of intellectual property.<*$p$*>es of intellectual 
property. 
 
4.1 The Receiving Party for purposes of confidentiality is bound by its managers, emplo yees, agents, for 
any purpose, and principals. 
 
4.2 The Receiving Party  acknowledges that the technical specifications as well as all documents to be 
disclosed are not subject to appropriation,  remain the property of Disclosing Party  or any third party, 
as applicable. 
 
4.3 Each Party agrees to use Confidential Information  only for the purposes of this Agreement.  N o 
license or right under any intel lectual property right is grant ed by the mere transmittal of Confidential 
Information  to the Receiving Party , nor shall such a transmission c onstitute any r epresentation o r 
warranty by the Disclosing Party  with respect to infringement of intellectual property rights o f third 
parties. 
 
5. The Receiving Party agrees for the period specified in Section 13  that it will: 
 
a. Restrict disclosure of the Confidential Information  to the minimum required number of people (such 
as employees, directors, office rs, legal counsels, accountants or consultants who shall also be 
personally bound to maintain the Information in confidence);  
b. Direct its employees, agents and subcontractors to abide by non-disclosure terms at least as protective 
of th<*$p$*>Maintain the confidentiality a nd take proper measures to pro tect the secrecy of the Confidential Information , using the same degree of care t hat it uses to protect its own internal data, but in any event shall us e at least commercially reasonable care .<*$p$*>n any event shall us e at least commercially reasonable care .;  
d. Immediately notify the other party of any misappropriation o r misuse of Confidential Information . 
 
6. The breach of the terms s et forth herein imply:  
 
2 de 2 
PromonLogicalis 
Non-Disclosure Agreement  (version August 2015) 
 a. Termination of any agreement executed by and between the Par ties, without any obligation to 
compensation for the complainant, being due, however, the penal ties for breach of contract by the party 
which gives cause to termination;  
b. Payment of damages as set fort h in Section 9 and the applica ble law. 
 
 7. Confidential Information  shall not include info rmation which is: 
 
a. The information was already known by the Receiving Party  prior to its disclosure by a legal and 
legitimate way, not subject to any  obligation to be kept confid ential;  
b. There has been prior written consent of Disclosing Party , to release the obligation of secrecy and 
confidentiality; 
c. Lawfully obtained by the Receiving Party  from a third party without restrictions as to use and disclose ; 
d. If the Receiving Party  receives a court order to disclose Confidential Information . In this case 
Receiving Party shall (i) promptly notify the Disclosing Party  in order to allow the latter to act and 
avoid such disclosure, and (ii) upon request, but provided that  it complies with applicable Law, 
cooperate with the Disclosing Party  in preventing such a disclosure;  
e. Publicly <*$p$*>All documentation (either Confidential Information or not) fur nished under this Agreement shall remain the property of the Disclosing Party and shall be returned to it or destroyed promptly at its reque st (together with all relevant copies, extracts, plan s, schematics or other reproduct ions).<*$p$*> at its reque st (together with all 
relevant copies, extracts, plan s, schematics or other reproduct ions). ALL CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION IS 
PROVIDED “AS IS.”  NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS,  IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, 
REGARDING THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR PERFORMANCE OF THE CONF IDENTIAL 
INFORMATION, AND EACH PARTY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY OF  MERCHANTABILITY, 
NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
 
9. The Parties acknowledge that the breach of secrecy has the c haracter of serious irregularity and can cause 
serious damages to the other Party.  
 9.1  In case of breach of any obligation set forth herein by th e Receiving Party , the Disclosing Party  shall 
recover any and all damages. Notwithstanding any other provisio n herein, neither Party shall be liable 
for indirect damages o r loss of profits. 
 
9.2 Accordingly, the actual or t hreatened unauthorized disclosu re or use of any Information shall give the 
Disclosing Party the right to seek injunctive relief restraining such unauthoriz ed disclosure or use, 
without the necessity of proving actual damages, in addition to  any other remedy otherwise available 
to the Disclosing Party .  Any third party owner of Information disclosed by a party he reto shall be an 
intended third party beneficiary of this Agreement and shall be  entitled to rely upon and directly enforce 
the terms and conditions hereof. 
 
10. Neither the execution of this Agreement  nor the furnishing of any information under this Agreement  shall be 
construed as granting any 
Party  or any of its representatives, either expressly or by implicat ion, any license 
or right to use any Confidential Information  for its own benefit or the benef it of any other person, firm o r 
entity, and each party expressly agrees not to so use any such information. Nothing contained in this 
Agreement  shall be construed as conferring any rights, by license or oth erwise, to any invention, discovery, 
or improvement made, conceived or  acquired prior to, during or after the date of this Agreement. 
 
11. The disclosure of confidential information is not a commitm ent by Disclosing Party  to enter into any business 
arrangement with the Receiving Party  or third parties. If the Parties wish to pursue business oppor tunities, 
they shall execute a separate written agreem ent to govern such relationship. 
 
12. Failure to enforce  any provision  of this Agreement shall no t constitute a wai ver of any term. 
 
13. This Agreement shall be in force on the Execution Date  and shall remain in force for a period of twenty-four 
(24) months. Notwithstanding the term of the Agreement , the Parties  undertake to maintain the confidentiality 
obligation for a period of three (3) years after Confidential Information  disclosure. 
 
14. This Agreement binds not onl y the parties, but also their s uccessors and assignees.  
 
15. Governing law and Venue: 
 
(i) If you the Company is located in Latin America countries: T his Agreement  shall be governed by 
and construed in accordance with the laws of Brazil. The Parties  elect the courts sitting in the 
Forum of the city of São Paulo, SP, Brazil, as the exclusive ju risdiction and venue over any dispute 
arising out of or relating to this Agreement . 
3 de 2 
PromonLogicalis 
Non-Disclosure Agreement  (version August 2015) 
 (ii) If you the Company is not located in Latin America countri es: This Agreement  shall be governed 
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Ne w York, without reference to its 
conflicts of law provisions.   Any dispute regarding this Agreement  will be subject to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the state courts in and for New York, U.S.A. an d the parties hereby irrevocably 
agree to submit to the personal an d exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts.  
 
16. In case of any lawsuit, the Parties undertake to request ju dicial secrecy. 
 
 