Group Document  
M_PUR_002_00                                                                                                           
 
         
 
Non-Disclosure Agreement 
March 2018  Page 1 / 4 
 
 
 
 
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
 
 
 
 
BOOSTER Precision Components GmbH 
Wöhlerstraße 8-10 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Place, Date, Signature, Stamp 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group Document  
M_PUR_002_00                                                                                                           
 
         
 
Non-Disclosure Agreement 
March 2018  Page 2 / 4 
 
RECITALS: 
Both Contract Partners intend to exchange informati on, documents (including expert opinions, notes, 
correspondence, evaluations, and conclusions), data  and/or knowledge – regardless whether these be 
transmitted verbally, in writing or electronically – as well as prototypes and prototype components 
which may have already been manufactured (hereinaft er commonly referred to as “Information”) which 
the disclosing party (“Discloser”) concerned consid ers to be worthy of being protected and treated 
confidentially. The exchange of information serves to evaluate the possibility of a supply relationshi p 
between the Contract Partners (“Purpose of Exchange ”). In order to enable the non-disclosure and the 
exchange of information the Contract Partners agree  as follows:  
The Contract Partners undertake to keep the Informa tion in accordance with the detailed provisions of 
this contract as disclosed by the other Contract Pa rtner secure and take the necessary precautions to 
ensure that third parties have no access to the Inf ormation and that the Information is not disclosed to 
third parties. 
1. The Contract Partner receiving the Information ( „Recipient “) will not disclose the Information 
received to third parties or use the Information fo r own business purposes for any other purpose 
except the Purpose of Exchange, without first obtai ning the written agreement of the Discloser. 
This applies explicitly also to the use of Informat ion for the purpose of registering patents, 
brands, and other intellectual property. The Recipi ent will ensure that the Information is only 
disclosed to t<*$p$*>The aforementioned non-disclosure obligation and restriction of use laid down herein does not extend to such knowledge which is state of the ar t in the public domain and to which the Recipient has access without breach of law, and als o not to such information to which the Recipient already had access without breach of law before the Information was disclosed to him by the Discloser, and finally not to such informati on which the Recipient was eligible to obtain from a third party.<*$p$*>c domain and to which the 
Recipient has access without breach of law, and als o not to such information to which the 
Recipient already had access without breach of law before the Information was disclosed to him 
by the Discloser, and finally not to such informati on which the Recipient was eligible to obtain 
from a third party. The Recipient bears the burden of proof. Nothing in this non-disclosure 
agreement will prevent the Recipient from making an y disclosure of the Information required by 
law or by any competent authority. In such case the  Recipient undertakes to inform the Discloser 
without delay of his obligation to disclose, will c ooperate upon request of the Discloser and at 
own expenses on the defense against the obligation to disclose and will fulfil this obligation only 
to such extent as required by law. 
 
3. Upon request of the Discloser the Recipient will  return all Information including all copies and 
records or delete electronically stored data – also  in the framework of a back-up, provided this 
does not involve disproportionate expenditure, wher eby the Discloser shall be provided proof of 
the deletion. 
 
4. There is mutual consent that this agreement cann ot be interpreted in such a way that the 
Contract Partners grant each other a license for im parted know-how, inventions, and patents, 
or undertake to grant each other a license, grant o ther rights to intellectual property in 
connection with the Information. This agreement doe s not bind the Contract Partners in any 
service-, works-<*$p$*>The Discloser is not responsible for the completeness, correctness, or usability of the Intelligence.<*$p$*>                                                                                          
 
         
 
Non-Disclosure Agreement 
March 2018  Page 3 / 4 
 
5. This Discloser shall not be liable for damage of  any kind arising from the transfer or use of the 
Information; in particular, the Discloser is not re sponsible for the Information injuring the rights 
of third parties. The Discloser is not responsible for the completeness, correctness, or usability 
of the Information.  
 
6. An assignment of the rights arising from this ag reement is not permitted. There is mutual 
agreement, however, that the rights granted in this  agreement are due to the customer of the 
Discloser within the framework of an agreement in f avor of a third party. 
 
7. This agreement is not a preliminary agreement an d does not oblige either of the Contract 
Partners to enter into further contract negotiation s or conclude a further-reaching contract. This 
agreement does not justify any further pre-contract ual obligations.  
 
8. The Contract Partners agree that there is no ade quate legal protection against any injury arising 
from this agreement due to the special nature of th e Information to be kept secret. Any injury to 
the non-disclosure obligation would lead to irrepar able damage to the Discloser. The Recipient 
therefore undertakes to inform the Discloser withou t delay as soon as has gained such 
knowledge himself of any unpermitted disclosure or unpermitted use as laid down in this 
agreement of any Information. 
 
9. This agreement comes into effect upon signing by  both Contract Partners and applies to 
Information which has already been exchanged within  the framework of the Purpose of 
Exchange. The agreement shall be valid for a fixed period of five years after the end of an 
individual Project or from the date of last disclos ure. The non-disclosure obligation shall continue 
to apply upon termination of the agreement for the Information exchanged within the agreement. 
 
10. Each Contract Partner alone bears any costs ari sing in conjunction with this agreement and the 
Information. 
 
11. Amendments or modifications to this agreement r equire the written form. This also applies to 
an amendment or modification of this requirement of  the written form. 
 
12. German law is applicable to this agreement. The  court of jurisdiction for any disputes arising 
from or in the broadest sense in connection with th is agreement as far as this is legally 
permissible.  The Discloser has the right to take legal actions a rising directly or indirectly out of 
this Non-discloser agreement against Contract Partn er a court with jurisdiction at Discloser’s 
discretion. 
 
13. Should any individual provisions of this agreem ent be or become invalid, this will not affect the 
remaining terms of this agreement. By means of (sup plementary) interpretation the rules shall 
apply that correspond best to the economic purpose of the provision that has become invalid. If 
the interpretation is excluded for legal reasons, t he Contract Partners undertake to make 
additional agreements. This also applies in the eve nt of any gap arising and that must be filled 
upon implementation or interpretation of the agreem ent.  
 
 
 
 
 
Group Document  
M_PUR_002_00                                                                                                           
 
         
 
Non-Disclosure Agreement 
March 2018  Page 4 / 4 
 
 
 
Supplier: 
 
Name of the Company:  
Address: 
Responsible Person: 
 
  
  
Place, Date, Signature, Stamp  
 
 