 
 Non-Disclosure Agreement 
 
Between 
 
EBZ <Company> 
Bleicherstraße 7 
88212 Ravensburg  
 
– herein referred to as PURCHASER  – 
 
and 
(company name and address) 
 
– herein referred to as CONTRACTOR  – 
 
 
I. The PURCHASER and the CONTRACTOR intend to coopera te. 
II. Within this cooperation, it is necessary that the PURCHASER makes available confidential 
documents, information, knowledge, samples and data  to the CONTRACTOR. 
III. For the reasons mentioned above, the CONTRACTOR is  obliged to treat all documents, 
information, knowledge, samples and data made avail able to him by the PURCHASER, or 
made known to him at the PURCHASER, on the occasion  of the cooperation strictly 
confidential and not to make these available to thi rd parties in a direct or indirect way, 
neither entirely nor partly. In addition, the grant ed prices and conditions to the 
PURCHASER are secrecy and may not be disclosed to t hird parties without the expres<*$p$*>The CONSULTANT must neither assert copyrights or o ther rights on documents, information, knowledge and data based on documents, information, knowledge and data which is put down to the PURCHASER, nor make or hav e made objects for himself or third parties, in which or upon the manufacture of which documents, information, knowledge, samples and data by the PURCHASER directly or indir ectly are used, unless the PURCHASER has given written approval explicitly bef orehand.<*$p$*>s given writ<*$p$*>The PROVIDER must make all adequate arrangements in his premises, where he carries out work for the PURCHASER, in order to adh ere to the non-disclosure agreement according to this agreement; he will especially ens ure that third parties will not gain access to the locations where the PURCHASER orders are han dled.<*$p$*>ions where<*$p$*>The VENDOR is obliged to commit his employees to the appropriate secrecy in written form as far as confidential documents, info rmation, knowledge, samples and data are made available to these in the course of the co operation or they can gain access to documents, information, knowledge, samples and data by the PURCHASER. On request, Seite 2/3 the CONTRACTOR will present the non-disclosure agre ement to the PURCHASER according to clause 1.<*$p$*> the non-disclosure agre ement to the PURCHASER 
according to clause 1. 
VII. Beyond the scope mentioned above, the CONTRACTOR i s obliged not to use any of the 
documents, information, knowledge, samples and data , which have been made available 
or which have become known to him directly or indir ectly at the PURCHASER for gaining 
copyrights or other rights. 
VIII. The obligation to maintain secrecy as mentioned be fore is not valid for such documents, 
information, knowledge, samples and data, which hav e already been public at the moment 
of their forwarding, which have become public after  their forwarding without the 
CONTRACTOR being responsible for this, which have b een made available to the other 
CONTRACTOR by a third party after their forwarding in a legally allowable way and 
without any limitation regarding secrecy or use, wh ich have provably been in the 
possession of the other CONTRACTOR already at the m oment of their forwarding. 
IX. The CONTRACTOR will return all documents, informat ion, knowledge, samples and data 
provided in the course of the cooperation including  all copies thereof to the PURCHASER. 
In the case of retention of documents, information,  knowledge, samples and data or copies 
by the CONTRACTOR or his assistants<*$p$*>The CONTRACTOR will observe the BDSG (Bundesdatens chutzgesetz = German Data Protection Act), regulations and other regulations for the data protection. In the case that the SUPPLIER is granted access no matter of which kind by the PURCHASER to data for performance of the contractual works in te rms of the BDSG or made known such data by the PURCHASER, the CONTRACTOR will only con sign Employees, Assistants or Agents with the performance of the contractual work , who are obliged to data secrecy in terms of § 5 BDSG.<*$p$*>actual work , who are obliged to data secrecy in 
terms of § 5 BDSG. On request of the PURCHASER, the  CONTRACTOR will present the 
agreement made with the Employees, Assistants or Ag ents. 
 
The CONTRACTOR will not make available or known the  data forwarded or made known 
by the PURCHASER in terms of the BDSG to third part ies, neither directly nor indirectly, 
and only use it to perform the work. 
 
After completion of the work, the CONTRACTOR will r eturn all data forwarded by the 
PURCHASER including the copies thereof to the PURCH ASER or completely delete the 
data including the copies thereof. 
 
XI. In the case of violating the obligations mentioned  above, the CONTRACTOR will pay a 
contract penalty for every case of violation agains t one of the obligations taken over in the 
amount of 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Seite  3/3 
Euro xxx.xxx  (in words: EUR xxx thousand). 
 
The assertion of the actually occurred damage remai ns untouched, while the forfeited 
contract penalty is deducted. 
XII. This non-disclosure agreement as described before ends soonest after expiration of a term 
of five (5) years after termination of the cooperat ion. Should information, knowledge, 
documents, samples and data require secrecy without  alteration at the moment of the 
termination of the cooperation, the agreement partn ers coincide that the CONTRACTOR 
agrees to an extension of the term, if requested by  the PURCHASER. 
XIII. Should present or future provisions of this agreem ent partly or entirely not be legally 
effective or not feasible, or later lose their lega l effectiveness or feasibility, the validity of 
the other provisions of this agreement remain untou ched. In this case, every partner to the 
agreement can demand the agreement of a valid provi sion which reaches the purpose of 
the ineffective provision the closest. 
XIV. The exclusive court of jurisdiction for all quarre ls occurring from or in connection with this 
agreement including the question of achieving this agreement, its termination and its 
continuation after termination is the Purchaser’s g eneral court of jurisdiction. 
 
 
 
 
 
Ravensburg,     
(place and date)  (place and date) 
   
(Firm Stamp, Signature 
PURCHASER)  (Firm Stamp, Signature 
CONTRACTOR) 
 