 
 1 of 2 Rev. 2009 -04-30  VENDOR/SUPPLIER  
NON -DISCLOSURE AGRE<*$p$*>This Vendor Agreement (“Agreement”) is made and entered into as of , 20 , by and between , a , the principal address of which is , (“Recipient ”) and Oceaneering Intern ational, Inc., a Delaware corporation, the principal address of which is 11911 FM 529, Houston, Texas 77041, USA (“ Oceaneering ”).<*$p$*>n, Texas 77041, USA (“ Oceaneering ”). 
 
It is the intention of the parties to this Agreement to facilitate discussions regarding possible 
transactions between the pa rties by the protection from unauthorized disclosure or use of the 
Confidential Information  (defined below) .  The refore, the parties agree as follows : 
 
1. For the purpose s of this Agreement, “Confidential Information ” shall mean any information 
disclosed by Oceaneering , whether in writing, orally, visually or otherwise, including  but not limited 
to business  plans, contractual, engineering, financial, sales,  marketing and operational information, 
product specifications, technical data , trade secrets , know -how, ideas and concepts  of Oceaneering 
or third parties .  Confidential Information excludes, however, information which : (i) is or becomes 
known or available to Recipient  without restriction from a source other than Oceaneering  with a 
legal right to disclose th e same to Recipient;  (ii) is, or without violating the terms of this Agreement 
becomes , generally available to the public ; or (iii) is developed by Recipient  independently of the 
inf<*$p$*>With respect to all Confidential Informati on disclosed hereunder, Recipient agrees that from and after the date of this Agreement, Recipient shall not: a. use the Confidential I nformation except for purposes of its business relationship with Oceaneering (the “ Authorized Purpose ”); or b. disclose the Confidential I nformation to any third party except : (i) for directors, officers, managers, employees , consultants , contractors and professional advisors of Recipient (collectively its “Personnel”) who need to know the Confidential Information for the Authorized P urpose and who are subject to an existing obligation to, or enter into an agreement with, Recipient not to disclose Confidential Information ; and (ii) as may be authorized in writing in advance by an officer of Oceaneering .<*$p$*>ized in writing 
in advance by an officer of Oceaneering .    
 
3. Recipient  shall require  its Representatives who receive any Confidential Information  to comply with 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement  and Recipient  shall be responsible for their compliance 
herewith .  Recipient  shall use at least the same degree of care to prote ct the confidentiality and 
ensure the proper use of the Confidential Information  as Recipient  uses with respect to its 
information of a similar kind or nature, but in no event less than reasonable care .  
 
4. Oceaneering  grants no rights in or to the Confident ial Information .  All Confidential Information 
shall remain the sole property of  Oceaneering.  
 
5. No contract or agreement providing for any transaction or any commitment to enter into a 
transaction shall be deemed to exist by reason of this Agreement.  
 
 
 2 of 2 Rev. 2009 -04-30 6. Any p rovision to the contrary notwithstanding, Recipient ’s obligations under this Agreement are 
subject to any disclosure requirement of law, regulation or legal process , but only to the extent of 
such requirement . Recipient  shall promptly notify Oceaneering  of any such requirement, cooperate 
fully with Oceaneering’s requests to prevent or minimize the effect of such disclosure , and make all 
reasonable efforts to have such disclosures placed under a protecti ve order or other wise obtain 
confidential treatment of the Confidential Information .  
 
7. THE CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION IS DISCLOSED “AS  IS” WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION , 
WARRANTY , ASSURANCE , GUARANTEE , OR INDUCEMENT OF ANY KIND , INCLUDING WITHOUT 
LIMITATION ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF COMPLETENESS , AC<*$p$*>Upon Oceaneering’s written request, Recipient shall promptly : (i) deliver to Oceaneering and cease to use all Confidential Information in Recipient’s (including its Personnel’s) possession, custody or control ; or (ii) destroy the same and delete all electronic records containing the Confidential Information, provided that Oceaneering may require Recipient to certify such destruction and deletion.<*$p$*>rovided that Oceaneering may require Recipient to certify in writing such destruction 
and deletion.  
 
9. Recipient agrees that  money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for breach of this 
Agreement and that, in addition to all other remedies, Oceaneering shall be entitled to specific 
performance and injunctive or other equitable relief as a remedy for such breach.  
 
10. This Agre ement sets forth the complete and exclusive statement of the parties’ agreement with 
respect to the subject matter hereof.  This Agreement may not be waived or modified except 
pursuant to a written agreement signed by the parties.  Any waiver or forbearanc e on one occasion 
shall have no effect on any other occasion.   
 
11. Any provision hereof which is found to be unenforceable or contrary to applicable law shall be 
deemed stricken from this Agreement and the other terms and conditions hereof shall remain in fu ll 
force and effect.  
 
12. This Agreement shall bind and benefit the parties and their respective successors and assigns.   
Recipient ’s obligations under this Agreement shall survive any termination hereof.  
 
13. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Texas (excluding its conflicts -of-laws principles).  
The parties consent to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts situated in Houston, Harris 
County, Texas .   
 
Executed on the dates set forth below but effective as of the date first written above.  
 
Recipient :  Oceaneering International, Inc.  
    
     
By:   By:  
Name:    Name:   
Title:    Title:   
Date:    Date:   
 