Legal Office Universiti Sains Malaysia ~ PP11  Page 1  NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
THIS NON -DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  is made this         day of                   , 20     (hereinafter 
referred to as ³NDA´):  
 
 
BETWEEN  
 
 
UNIVERSITI SAINS MALAYSIA  (³USM ´), particXlars of  whom is as set out in Appendix I  hereto, 
of the first part ;  
 
 
AND  
 
 
ABC  (³ABC´), particXlars of Zhom is as set oXt in Appendix II  hereto of the second part.   
 
(USM  and ABC shall hereinafter be collectiYel\ referred to as ³ P<*$p$*>WHEREAS: The Parties are entering into this NDA in contemplation of exploring mutual business opportunities and /or joint educational or research activities. In the course of meetings, communications, correspondence s and discussions, certain Proprietary Data (as hereinafter defined) may be disclosed by USM and/or ABC to each other for the Objective (as hereinafter defined).<*$p$*>sclosed by USM and/or  ABC   to each other for the Purpose (as hereinafter 
defined).  
 
 
THIS NDA WITNESSETH  as follows:  
 
1. DEFINITIONS  
 
 In this NDA  and the appendices hereto, if any, the following words and expressions shall 
have the following meaning ±  
 "Confidential Information" means any and all technical and non-technical information including patent, copyright, trade secret, know-how and proprietary information, techniques, sketches, drawings, diagrams, methods, processes, apparatus, equipment, algorithms, software programs, software source documents, and formulae related to a technology or invention, and includes, without limitation, its respective information concerning research, experimental work, development, design details and specifications, engineering, financial information, procurement requirements, purchasing manufacturing, customer list, business forecasts, sales and merchandising and marketing plans and information designated in writing to be confidential or by its nature intended to be for the sole knowledge of the Receiving Party (as hereinafter defined) or if orally given in the circumstances of confidence or confirmed promptly in writing as having been disclosed as confidential or proprietary for the Purpose; that is 
Legal Office Universiti Sains Malaysia ~ PP11  Page 2  conveyed by the Disclosing Party (as hereinafter defined) to the Receiving Party, in written, oral, digital, magnetic, photographic and/or whatsoever forms;  ³Disclosing Party´ means the Party and/or its Related Companies (represented by its Personnel in Charge), who is disclosing Confidential Information under this NDA to the other Party (represented by its Personnel in Charge);  ³Effective Date´ means the date stated at the beginning of this NDA which is the date this NDA becomes effective;   ³NDA Period ´ means the duration of the NDA which is twelve (12) months from the Effective Date, or any extension of time to be mutually agreed in writing by the Parties;  ³Personnel in Charge´ means the employees, officers, directors, workers and/or 
authorised person of each Party as set out in Appendix I 
and Appendix II respectively;  
 ³Purpose´ means the execution of a legally binding agreement 
between the Parties and/or the Related Companies 
regarding a potential business arrangement or joint 
research in relation to the Technology  (as hereinafter 
defined), within the NDA period ; 
 ´Receiving Party´ means the Party and/or its Related Companies 
(represented by its Personnel in Charge), who is rec eiving 
Confidential Information under this NDA from the other 
Party (represented by its Personnel in Charge);  
 ³Technology´ means the development process of ......................... as developed by the School of ..................................., USM;   ³Related Companies´ means a company which is the holding company, investment arm or subsidiary of either Party or a company which shares a common holding company or shareholders Zith either Part\. The Zords ³holding compan\´ and ³sXbsidiar\´ shall haYe the same meanings as prescribed to them in the Companies Act 1965.  
 
2. RIGHTS TO CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  
  
 2.1 Use  
 
All Confidential Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party shall be used, 
consumed, utilised and acted in whatever ways by the Rec eiving Party solely and 
strictly for the Purpose, and each disclosure of Confidential Information may be 
recorded by the Personnel in Charge of each Party.  The Receiving Party 
undertakes not to use the Confidential Information for further research, technic al 
analysis, reverse engineering and/or exploit for the purpose of any commercial 
gains in any manner whatsoever.  
 
 
 
 
Legal Office Universiti Sains Malaysia ~ PP11  Page 3   2.2 Proprietorship  
 
The Confidential Information and the intellectual property thereof, is proprietary to 
the Disclosing Party and shal l remain, the property of the Disclosing Party, and 
the Disclosing Party warrants that it has the right to disclose the Confidential 
Information to the Receiving Party.  
 
 2.3 No Grant of Licence  
  
 The disclosure of Confidential Information by the Disclosi ng Party to the 
Receiving Party shall not be construed as the granting of a licence under any 
patent, copyright, trade secret, other proprietary rights or any other rights by the 
Disclosing Party.  
 
2.4 Prohibition  
 
 The Receiving Party agrees that the Rece iving Party is not permitted to sell, 
license, develop or otherwise exploit any parts, products, services, documents or 
information which embody in whole or in part any Confidential Information of the 
Disclosing Party without the written consent from the D isclosing Party, save an<*$p$*>the Recipient shall have first obtained the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party.<*$p$*>n the event any tangible forms of Confidential<*$p$*>In relation to the Proprietary Information of the Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party undertakes - (a) to maintain the Sensitive Data in strict confidence ;<*$p$*>S   
 
3.1 Receiving Party  
 
 In relation to the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party, the Receiving 
Party undertakes - 
 
(a) to maintain the Confidential Information in strict confidence ; 
  
(b) to use the Confidential Information solely for the Purpose only and for no 
other purpose;  
 
(c) to refrain from copying, reproducing and reducing to writing or any other 
form of recording any part thereof except as may be reasonably 
necessary for the Purpos e provided that the Receiving Party has obtained 
the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party;  
 
(d) to refrain from disclosing the Confidential Information whether to its 
employees (other than the Personnel in Charge) or third parties except to 
such of it s employees (other then the Personnel in Charge) or third 
parties who have a need to know or whose services are appropriately 
required in connection with the Purpose but subject to the prior written 
consent of the Disclosing Party and the provision of clau se 3.2 herein 
below;  
 
(e) to apply no lesser security measures and degree of care thereto than 
those which the Receiving Party applies to its own Confidential 
Information or proprietary information and which the Receiving Party 
Legal Office Universiti Sains Malaysia ~ PP11  Page 4  warrants as providing adequate protection on such information from 
unauthorized use or disclosure.  
<*$p$*>In the event disclosure of the Confidential Data is made by the Receiving Party to any third party, the Receiving Party shall ensure that the third party undertakes to comply strictly to the conditions and the non -disclosure obligations of the Signatories under this NDA and for the aforesaid purpose, the Receiving Party shall cause the third party to execute an undertaking in the format set out in Appendix III hereto.<*$p$*>ly strictly to the conditions  and the non -disclosure obligations 
of the Parties under this NDA and for the aforesaid purpose, the Receiving Party 
shall cause the third party  to execute an undertaking in the format set out in 
Appendix III  hereto.  
 
 
4. EXCEPTIONS   
 
 4.1 No confidentia lity and non -disclosure obligations shall apply if, and to the extent 
that the Confidential Information -  
 
(a) is already known by the Receiving Party prior to receipt from the 
Disclosing Party; or  
 
(b) is or becomes part of the public domain and widely a vailable other than 
by breach of the obligations of the Receiving Party ; or  
 
(c) is independently developed by the Receiving Party; or  
 
(d) is lawfully received by the Receiving Party from a third party; or  
 
(e) is required to be disclosed by operation of  law and   if the Receiving Party 
is required to disclose under this clause, the Receiving Party shall, if 
possible, disclose only to the minimum required to comply with the law.  
 
4.2 If at any time clause 4.1(e) above applies to any part of the Confidenti al 
Information, the Receiving Party shall immediately notify the Disclosing Party of 
the matter, so that the Disclosing Party may, if it wishes, seek an appropriate 
remedy under the applicable laws to prevent the use or disclosure or protect the 
confidenti ality of what is disclosed.  
 
 
5. EFFECTIVE DATE AND DURATION  
 
 5.1 This  NDA shall take effect from the Effective Date irrespective of the diverse 
dates upon which the respective Parties may have executed this NDA. The 
provisions of this NDA shall howeve r apply retrospectively to any Confidential 
Information, which may have been disclosed in connection with the Purpose prior 
to the Effective Date.  
 
 5.2 The obligations of the Parties under this NDA shall <*$p$*>Return of Proprietary Information The Recipient shall immediately on request by the Disclosing Party return all or any part of the Proprietary Information as shall be determined by the Disclosing Party and shall (at the Disclosing Party's option) -<*$p$*> Universiti Sains Malaysia ~ PP11  Page 5   
6. INCIDENTALS   
 
  
 6.1 Return of Confidential Information  
 
The Rece iving Party shall immediately on request by the Disclosing Party return 
all or any part of the Confidential Information as shall be determined by the 
Disclosing Party and shall (at the Disclosing Party's option) - 
 
(a) return all copies and extracts of the Con fidential Information and all 
summaries, reports and notes made that relate to or use the Confidential 
Information (whether on paper, in an electronic information storage and 
retrieval system, in any other storage and retrieval system, or in any other 
storage medium); or  
 
(b) c<*$p$*>The Recipient agrees that no mon etary damages shall be sufficient to avoid or compensate the unauthorized use or disclosure of the Proprietary Data and that injunctive relief would be appropriate to prevent any actual or threatened use or disclosure of such Proprietary Data.<*$p$*>t for archival purposes only.  
 
 6.2 Remedies  
 
6.2.1  The Receiving Party agrees that no mon etary damages shall be sufficient 
to avoid or compensate the unauthorized use or disclosure of the 
Confidential I nformation and that injunctive relief would be appropriate to 
prevent any actual or threatened use or disclosure of such Confidential 
Information.  
 
6.2.2  Any expenses including the legal costs arising from this clause and/or this 
NDA shall be borne by the  defaulting party.  
 
 
7. TERMINATION  
 
 7.1 Without limiting the generality  of any other clause in this NDA, either Party may 
terminate this NDA immediatel\ b\ giYing the other Part\, thirt\ (30) da\s¶ Zritten 
notice if the other Party:  
 
 (a) is in breach o f the terms and conditions of this NDA and such breach is 
not remedied within thirty (30) days of a written notification from the non-
defaulting Party requiring the same to be remedied;  
 
 (b) becomes, threatens or resolves to become or is in danger of beco ming 
subject to any form of insolvency proceedings whatsoever;  
 
 (c) ceases or threatens to cease conducting its business in the normal 
manner or appears to be at risk of doing so.  
 
 7.2 In the event that the Parties fail to execute a legally binding agre ement within the 
NDA Period in completion of the Purpose, this NDA shall forthwith be terminated 
at the end  of the NDA Period.  
 
Legal Office Universiti Sains Malaysia ~ PP11  Page 6  8. E-COMMUNICATION AND SIGNATURE  
 
 The Parties hereby consent to electronic communication and electronic signatures being 
equal  to signatures inked on paper. The Parties acknowledge and agree that electronic 
communication is an acceptable method of communicating information from a Party to 
the other party without having to communicate the same on paper. Any communication 
and subse quent electronic signature that has been sent or signed in the past, present, or 
future between the Parties will hold the same force and effect as a document signed and 
inked on paper.  
 
 
9. MISCELLANEOUS  
 
 9.1 Notices  
 
9.1.1 All notices which are require d to be given hereunder shall be in writing 
and shall be sent to the registered address and correspondence address 
of the recipient set out in this NDA  by personal delivery, registered post, 
electronic mail or facsimile transmission.  
 
9.1.2 Any change of registered or correspondence address of either Party shall 
be notified to the other Party.  
 
9.2 Successor Bound  
 
This NDA shall be binding on the Parties hereto and their respective successors 
and permitted assigns.  
 
 
 9.3 Assignment  
 
Neither Party shall be entitled to assign this NDA, in whole or in part, or any of its 
rights and obligations under this NDA without the prior written consent of the 
other Party.  
 
 
 9.4 Severance  
 
Notwithstanding that any provision of this NDA may prove to be illegal or 
unenf orceable, the remaining provisions of this NDA shall continue in full force 
and effect.  
 
 
 9.5 Entire Agreement  
 
This NDA, together with the Appendices, constitute the entire agreement 
between the Parties hereto with respect to the Purpose and supersedes a ll prior 
or contemporaneous representations, agreements and promises, written or oral, 
between the Parties with respect to the Purpose.  
 
 
 9.6 Variation  
 
 This NDA shall not be amended, altered, changed or otherwise modified without 
the mutual consent of the Parties hereto and such amendments, alterations, 
changes or modifications shall be made in writing and signed by the Parties 
hereto.  
Legal Office Universiti Sains Malaysia ~ PP11  Page 7     
 
 9.7 Governing Law and Jurisdiction  
 
This NDA shall be governed by  and interpreted in accordance with the laws of  
Malaysia and the Parties hereto agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of 
the courts in Malaysia.  
  
 
9.8 Time  
 
  Time whenever and wherever mentioned shall be of the essence of this NDA.  
 
 
9.9 Headings Annexures and Appendices  
 
9.9.1 The headings in this NDA are included for convenience only and shall 
neither affect the construction or interpretation of any provision in this 
NDA nor affect any of the rights or obligations of the Parties hereto.  
 
9.9.2 All annexures and appendices annexed hereto sh all form part of this NDA 
and shall be read taken and construed as an essential part of this NDA.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK) 
Legal Office Universiti Sains Malaysia ~ PP11  Page 8   
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF  the Parties hereto have hereunto set their hands on the day and year 
first above written:  
 
 
 
 
Signed for and on behalf of   ) 
 
UNIVERSITI SAINS MALAYSIA  ) 
 
In the presence of:  ) ...................................................................  
            [name & designation]  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
.......................................... .................  
[name & designation]  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Signed for and on behalf of   ) 
 
ABC     ) 
 
In the presence of:    ) ..............................................................  
       [name & designation]  
 
 
 
 
............................................... ............  
[name & designation]  
 
 
 
 
 
Legal Office Universiti Sains Malaysia ~ PP11  Page 9   
APPENDIX  I 
 
THE FIRST PARTY ENTI TY 
 
 
 Name of Entity (in full)  :  UNIVERSITI SAINS MALAYSIA   Registration No. / Company No. (if applicable)  : A public university established under the Universities 
and University Colleges Act 1971  
 
 Main Campus Address   
 
 Universiti Sains Malaysia  
11800 USM  
Penang , Malaysia  
 Correspondence Address : 
 
 [ address of School  ] Telephone Number  :  [ telephone no. of School  ] 
 Facsimile Number :  [facsimile no. of School  ] 
 Electronic Mail Address :   Personnel in Charge    : 1.  [ to be nominated by School ]  2. Any other person as authorised by USM from      time to time   
Legal Office Universiti Sains Malaysia ~ PP11  Page 10   
APPENDIX  II 
 
THE SECOND PARTY ENT ITY 
 
 
 Name of Entity (in full)  :  [                              ]   Registration No. / Company No. (whichever is applicable or if applicable)  : [                              ]  Registered/Main Address  : 
 
 [                              ]  Correspondence Address : 
 
 [                              ]  Telephone Number  : [                              ]  
 
 Facsimile Number  : [                              ]  
 
 Electronic Mail Address  : [                              ]   Personnel in Charge    : [                              ]  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Legal Office Universiti Sains Malaysia ~ PP11  Page 11   APPENDIX III  
 
(LETTER OF UND ERTAKING)  
 
Vice-Chancellor  
UNIVERSITI SAINS MALAYSIA  
11800 USM  
Pulau Pinang  
Malaysia.  
 
And 
 
[ the second party ]  
 
 
Letter of Undertaking  
 
I/We ..........................................................  have read the Non -Disclosure Agreement 
between USM a nd «««««««..  dated«««.................  (³NDA´) and understand the 
purpose, effect and consequences of the NDA and the obligations created by it. In 
consideration of  [name of Disclosing Party ] agreeing that  [name of Receiving Party ] may 
disclose the Confi dential Information to me /us, I/we hereby agree to be bound by the terms 
and conditions of the NDA as if I /we were   the Receiving Party and/or recipient named in the 
NDA . 
 
Dated this            day o f                          2012  
 
 
 
Signed by:      Witness ed by:  
 
 
 
 
..................................................   .................................................  
Name   :    Name   : 
Designation  :    Designation  : 
 
 
c.c. Innovations & Commercialisation Office  
 Universiti Sains Malaysia  
 111800 USM  
 Pulau P inang  
 Malaysia.  
 
 
 
 
 
 