 
  
Snap Surveys       •       210 Commerce Way       •         Suite 210         •          Portsmouth, NH       •       03801 
Telephone (603) 610-8700       Facsimile: (603)  610-8703    Website: www.snapsurveys.com  MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
This Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement (this “Agree ment”) is entered into as of this ___ day of 
_____, 2015 (“Effective Date”), by and between Snap Surveys, NH Inc.  210 Commerce Way, Suite 
200 Portsmouth, New Hampshire 03801 and ____ ____________________ _with offices located at 
____________________ ______ (each a “Party”, and collectively the “Parties”). 
The Parties wish to explore a business opportunity of mutual interest (the “Proposed Transaction”) 
which includes the exchange of certain financial information and confidential customer information. 
In connection with this Proposed Transaction and as a condition to discussions between the Parties 
relating to the Proposed Transaction, each Party rec ognizes the need for the other Party to disclose 
certain information and materials (the “Confidential Information”) which are to be used only for the 
purpose of such discussions. A Party disclosing Confidential Information to the other Party shall be 
identified as the "Disclosing Party"  in this Agreement, and a Party receiving Propriet ary Information 
shall be identified as the "Receiving  Party" in this Agreement; and  
In consideration of the disclosure of such inform ation and materials by the Parties, each Party agrees 
as follows: 
“Confidential Information” means technical and non-technical information, data, software ,records, 
customer information, financial information, practices, processes, methods, techniques, trade secrets, 
products, and/or research and any other item that (a) is of a confidential nature, (b)would reasonably be considered as confidential, (c) is clearly and conspicuously marked as confidential or (d) is 
identified orally by the disclosing Party as confid ential. Confidential Information shall be deemed to 
include all notes, analyses, loan documents, compilati ons and other material prepared by a recipient of 
Confidential Information containing or based in whole or in part on any Confidential Information. 
Confidential Information does not include information or materials that (i) are or became generally 
known or available to the public through no fault of Receiving Part y; (ii) were already known to 
Receiving Party without restriction,  prior to receipt from Disclosing  Party, as evidenced by files in 
existence at the time of such disclosure; (iii) are la wfully disclosed to Receiving Party by a third party 
who is not under any obligation, whether contractual, fiduciary, statutory, or otherwise, of 
confidentiality to Disclosing Party with respect to su ch Confidential Information; (iv) are at any time 
developed by Receiving Party i ndependently without use of, or reference to, the Confidential 
Information of the other Party, or(v) are disclosed pursuant to the order or requirement of a court, 
administrative agency, or other governmental body with proper jurisdiction; provided, however, that 
Receiving Party uses diligent efforts to limit such  disclosure, endeavors to obtain assurance that 
confidential treatment w ill be accorded the Confid ential Information so disclosed, and notifies 
Disclosing Party within five (5) days of receipt of such court order or require<*$p$*>Each Party agrees not to use the Sensitive Data in any fashion, form, or manner for any purpose other than the purpose of this Agreement or as any subsequent agreements between the Parties may allow.<*$p$*>ny 
purpose other than the purpose of this Agreement or as any subsequent agreements between the 
Parties may allow.   
 
  
Snap Surveys       •       210 Commerce Way       •         Suite 210         •          Portsmouth, NH       •       03801 
Telephone (603) 610-8700       Facsimile: (603)  610-8703    Website: www.snapsurveys.com  2. Each Party may reveal the Confidential Inform ation only to its employees,  agents and consultants 
who have a need to know such information for th e purpose of this Agreement and who have been 
duly informed o<*$p$*>Each Party will safeguard the confidentiality of the Confidential Information by using the same degree of care (but not less than a suitable degree of care) it uses to protect the confidentiality of its own proprietary and co nfidential information.<*$p$*>fidential Information by using the same 
degree of care (but not less than a reasonable degree of care) it uses to protect the confidentiality of 
its own proprietary and co nfidential information. 
4. Confidential Information disclosed hereunder shall at all times remain the property of the 
disclosing Party and no Party acquires any inte llectual property rights under this Agreement 
(including but not limited to patent, copyright and trademark rights). Furthermore, no license under 
any trade secrets, copyrights, or other rights is granted by this Agreement or any disclosure of 
Confidential Information hereunder.  
5. Confidential Information of either Party may not be copied or reproduced by the other Party 
without the disclosing Party’s prior written consent. 
6. Upon receipt of written notice requesting return of any Confidential Information, the recipient 
Party will promptly (a) deliver to the disclosing Pa rty all Confidential Information furnished by the 
disclosing Party to the recipient Party, together  with copies thereof, and (b) destroy materials 
generated by the recipient Party that include or re late to any part of the Confidential Information 
(including notes, analyses and compilations) without retaining a copy of any such material. At the 
request of the disclosing Party, any such destruction shall be confirmed in writing by recipient Party. 
7. The confidentiality obligations of this Agreem ent shall not apply to information which (a) has 
entered the public domain except where such entry is the result of a Party’s breach of this Agreement 
or another agreement(s), (b) prior to disclosure  hereunder was already rightfully in the receiving 
Party’s possession under no obligation of confidentiality , or (c) subsequent to disclosure hereunder is 
obtained by the receiving Party on a non-confidential basis from a third party who has the right to 
disclose such information to the receiving Party. Th e obligations of this Ag reement will not restrict 
disclosure by either Party pursuant to applicable la w, or by order of any court or government agency; 
provided that, prior to such disclosure the applicable  Party shall (i) give notice to the other Party as 
promptly as possible, (ii) cooperate with the other Party in resisting such disclosure, and (iii) only 
provide such information as is required by such governmental agency or by a ruling of a court of 
proper jurisdiction.  
8. The term of this Agreement shall continue dur ing the Parties’ business relationship and bind the 
Parties hereto for a period of three (3) years af ter the termination of all business relationships 
between the Parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, th is Agreement shall survive with respect to all 
Confidential Information that is di sclosed before the termination. 
 
  
Snap Surveys       •       210 Commerce Way       •         Suite 210         •          Portsmouth, NH       •       03801 
Telephone (603) 610-8700       Facsimile: (603)  610-8703    Website: www.snapsurveys.com  9. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and sha ll inure to the benefit of, the Parties and their 
respective representatives, successors and assigns. 
10. The Parties acknowledge and agree that irrepara ble harm may occur if any of the Confidential 
Information were to be disclosed to third parties or  if any use were to be made of the Confidential 
Information other than that specified in this Agre ement, and the Parties further agree that each shall 
have the right to seek and obtain injunctive relief upon any violation or threatened violation of the 
terms of this Agreement, in add ition to all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity. 
11. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed an original and 
both of which together shall constitute one documen t. Both Parties agree herein that signatures  
submitted by facsimile, or a scanned and emailed PDF copy, shall have the same binding effect as if 
they were original signatures. 
12. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject 
matter hereof, and supersedes any prior oral or written agreements, and all contemporaneous oral 
communications. All additions or modifications to th is Agreement must be made in writing and must 
be signed by the Parties. Any failure to enforce a provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a 
waiver thereof or of any other provision. 
13. This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the 
State of New Hampshire. 
Accepted and Agreed:  
Snap Surveys NH, Inc.:  Organization: 
By:    By: 
 
Name:    Name: 
 Title:   Title: 
 Date:   Date:  
 