Exhibit h(2)                               SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

         SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT, dated as of February 4, 2005, by and between Domini Advisor Trust, a Massachusetts business trust (the "Trust"), and Domini Social Investments LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company ("Domini" or the "Sponsor").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

         WHEREAS, the Trust is engaged in business as an open-end investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and consists of one or more series; and

         WHEREAS, the Trust desires to enter into this Agreement with respect to its current and future series; and

         WHEREAS, the Trust wishes to engage Domini to provide certain oversight, administrative and management services, and Domini is willing to provide such oversight, administrative and management services to the Trust on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements of the parties hereto as herein set forth, the parties covenant and agree as follows:

         1. Duties of the Sponsor. <*$p$*>Subject to the direction and control of the Board of Trustees of the Trust, the Sponsor shall endeavor to perform such oversight, administrative and management services as may from time to time be suggested by the Trust, which shall include, when feasible: (a) maintaining suitable office facilities and furnishing such clerical services as are convenient for maintaining the organization of the Trust; (b) considering arranging for directors, officers or employees of the Sponsor to serve as Trustees, officers or agents of the Trust if asked; (c) assisting with the overall administration of the Trust, and the negotiation of contracts and fees; (d) generally monitoring the preparation of documents for compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and reviewing tax returns; (e) assisting in the preparation of agendas and minutes of meetings; (f) aiding in the maintenance of books and records of the Trust; (g) maintaining reasonable telephone coverage; (h) providing reports and assistance regarding each series' investment objectives; (i) arranging for dissemination of yield and other performance information; (j) arranging for renewals for fidelity bond and errors and omissions insurance coverage; (k) developing a budget for the Trust and arranging for the payment of expenses; and (l) addressing questions from the general public regarding the Trust.<*$p$*> Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Sponsor shall not be deemed to have assumed, pursuant to this Agreement, any duties with respect to, and shall not be responsible for, the management of the Trust's assets or the rendering of investment advice and supervision with respect thereto or the distribution of shares of any series, nor shall the Sponsor be deemed to have assumed or have any responsibility with respect to functions specifically assumed by any transfer agent, custodian, fund accounting pricing agent or shareholder servicing agent of the Trust.

         2. Allocation of Charges and Expenses. Domini shall pay the entire salaries and wages of all of the Trust's Trustees, officers and agents who devote part or all of their time to the affairs of Domini or its affiliates, and the wages and salaries of such persons shall not be deemed to be expenses incurred by the Trust for purposes of this Section 2. <*$p$*>The Trust shall generally be responsible for its operating expenses, potentially including fees due the Sponsor, compensation of unaffiliated Trustees, governmental fees, interest charges, taxes, membership dues, fees and expenses of auditors, legal counsel, transfer agents, distributors, shareholder servicing agents, recordkeepers, registrars, or dividend disbursing agents; expenses of distributing, issuing, and redeeming shares; expenses of preparing, printing, and mailing prospectuses, reports, notices, and proxy statements; expenses connected with portfolio security transactions; insurance premiums; custodian fees; expenses of calculating net asset value; expenses of shareholder meetings; and expenses relating to the issuance, registration, and qualification of shares.<*$p$*>

         3. Compensation of the Sponsor. For the services to be rendered and facilities to be provided by the Sponsor hereunder, the Trust shall pay Domini a fee accrued daily and payable monthly at an annual rate equal to 0.50% of the Trust's average daily net assets for the Trust's then current fiscal year. If Domini serves as the Sponsor for less than the whole of any period specified in this Section 3, the compensation to Domini, as Sponsor, shall be prorated. For purposes of computing the fees payable to the Sponsor hereunder, the value of the Trust's net assets shall be computed in the manner specified in the Trust's then-current prospectus and statement of additional information.

                                       2







         4. Limitation of Liability of the Sponsor. The Sponsor shall not be liable for any error of judgment or mistake of law or for any act or omission in the oversight, administration or management of the Trust or the performance of its duties hereunder, except for willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties, or by reason of the reckless disregard of its obligations and duties hereunder. As used in this Section 4, the term "Sponsor" shall include Domini and/or any of its affiliates and the directors, officers and employees of Domini and/or any of its affiliates.

         5. Activities of the Sponsor. The services of the Sponsor to the Trust are not to be deemed to be exclusive, Domini being free to render oversight, administrative and/or other services to other parties. It is understood that Trustees, officers and shareholders of the Trust are or may become interested in the Sponsor and/or any of its affiliates as directors, officers, employees or otherwise and that directors, officers and employees of the Sponsor and/or any of its affiliates are or may become similarly interested in the Trust and that the Sponsor and/or any of its affiliates may be or become interested in the Trust as a shareholder or otherwise.

         6. Duration, Termination and Amendments of this Agreement. This Agreement shall become effective as of the day and year first above written and shall govern the relations between the parties hereto thereafter, unless terminated as set forth in this Section 6.

         This Agreement may not be altered or amended, except by an instrument in writing and executed by both parties. This Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, with respect to any series or the Trust, by the Board of Trustees of the Trust, or by the Sponsor, in each case on not less than 60 days' written notice to the other party.

         7. Subcontracting by Domini. <*$p$*>Domini may consider subcontracting some of its obligations with other persons; provided that Domini believes that the subcontracting party has the basic qualifications to perform the obligations; and provided, unless otherwise agreed, Domini will generally be responsible for the actions of any subcontractor.<*$p$*>

         8. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall become or shall be found to be invalid by a court decision, statute, rule or otherwise, the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby.

         9. Notice. Any notices under this Agreement shall be in writing addressed and delivered personally, by telecopy or mailed postage-paid to the other party at such address as such other party may designate in accordance with this Section 9 for the receipt of such notice. Until further notice to the other party, it is agreed that the address of the Trust shall be 536 Broadway, 7th Floor, New York, New York 10012, and the address of Domini shall be 536 Broadway, 7th Floor, New York, New York 10012.

                                       3







         10. Miscellaneous. Each party agrees to perform such further actions and execute such further documents as are necessary to effectuate the purposes hereof. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced and interpreted in accordance with and governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without reference to principles of conflicts of law. The captions in this Agreement are included for convenience only and in no way define or delimit any of the provisions hereof or otherwise affect their construction or effect. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but such counterparts shall, together, constitute only one instrument.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered in their names and on their behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, all as of the day and year first above written. The undersigned Trustee of the Trust has executed this Agreement not individually but as a Trustee under the Trust's Declaration of Trust, dated October 6, 2004, as amended, and the obligations of this Agreement are not binding upon any of the Trustees or shareholders of the Trust individually but bind only the Trust estate.

                                           DOMINI ADVISOR TRUST

                                           By: /s/ Amy L. Domini                                                ---------------------------------                                                Amy L. Domini                                                Trustee

                                           DOMINI SOCIAL INVESTMENTS LLC

                                           By: /s/ Amy L. Domini                                                ---------------------------------                                                Amy L. Domini                                                Chief Executive Officer

                                       4